CYNICISM IS PAINLESS
A Comparison Between "Daria" and "M*A*S*H"
By
Peter W. Guerin

================================================================================

"Colonel, a closed mind is an empty mind."
--Major Charles Emerson Winchester III to Colonel Sherman Potter when they
were quarantined with the flu.

================================================================================

This essay is being written as a response to Michael Williams of St. John's,
Newfoundland, Canada, who has been asking me to write a "Daria"/"M*A*S*H"
crossover fan fiction story.  I have to say that I'm going to have to
disappoint him because I swore that I was never going to write another Daria
fan fiction story after the fiasco that was "The Winds of Change", and I
intend to stick to that promise.   However, one never knows what might come
down the pike one of these days.  :-)  Nevertheless, I decided that perhaps
an essay was in order expounding one of my own pet theories about "Daria"
(which was one of the motivating reasons behind my "Daria: the OAV's"
series): Mainly that if it wasn't for "M*A*S*H", there would never have been
Our Heroine.  In a sense, my theory took some concrete form in my fan
fiction story "Outbitched", where I have Dr. Benjamin "Hawkeye" Pierce
appear as one of the doctors at Cedars of Lawndale Hospital.  Little did I
know that one year later, Alan Alda would put in an appearance on "ER".  In
one episode, Alda's character was treating a little girl named Quinn who
looked and sounded like Daria's sister herself and I'm still wondering to
this day whether some wisenheimer at either Amblin Entertainment or Warner
Bros. had somehow read my story and was somehow inspired by it.  Of course,
I still feel this way even though Kara Wild (who now works for Warner Bros.)
swears she doesn't feel that's the case. :-)

Of course someone's going to say "What's 'Daria' got to do with 'M*A*S*H'?"
To make it a short answer, I say there's plenty.  In essence, both shows
have to do with two people whose life experiences have made them cynical and
the best way they can deal with it is to throw their own virtiolic brand of
humor out at the world.  Of course, the experiences Hawkeye and Trapper John
McIntyre (as well as B. J. Hunnicut later on)undergo are different from
those Daria Morgendorffer and Jane Lane experience.   Hawkeye, Trapper and
B. J. have to deal with being doctors at a Mobile Army Surgical Hospital in
the height of the Korean War as well asdealing with an incredibly stupid
Army bureacracy.   On the other hand, Daria and Jane have to deal with the
insanity of the modern-day educational system that has an equally inane
bureacracy, as well as insipid parents and peers.

Another way the two shows are similar is in the kinds of characters
portrayed. As has already been asserted, Daria and Jane are the Hakeye and
Trapper (or Hawkeye and B. J. if you will) of the series.  Both shows have
anal-retentive sticklers for the rules as well in Lawndale High School
Principal Angela Li and Major Frank Burns.  Admittedly,if Burns wasn't a
major in the Army, he'd be right at home at Lawndale High doing the same
kinds of things he did while at the 4077th.  Both shows have a resident
geek; for "M*A*S*H", it's the cross-dressing Corporal Maxwell Klinger while
for "Daria" it's that human octopus himself Charles "Upchuck" Ruttheimer
III.  Both shows have a woman who's the floozy.  Of course in the early
episodes of "M*A*S*H", Major Margaret "Hot Lips" Hoolihan had that title
hands down whereas in Daria the class floozy is Head Cheerleader Brittany
Taylor.  Überfeminist science teacher Janet Barch would be more typical of
the later Major Hoolihan, who was more professional and more of a feminist
after her affair with Burns was over and after her brief marriage to Donald
Penobscott.  Both shows have characters who would be considered wishy-washy;
in "M*A*S*H" that role is filled by Corporal Walter "Radar" O'Riley while in
Daria it's do-gooder English teacher Timothy O'Neill. The only characters in
"M*A*S*H" who don't seem to have any corresponding characters in Daria are
the stuffy Major Charles Emerson Winchester III, Father Francis Mulcahey,
Lieutenant Colonel Henry Blake and Colonel Sherman Potter.

By all means I'm not saying that Glenn Eichler and Susie Lewis got their
inspiration for "Daria" from "M*A*S*H" in the way William Hanna and Joseph
Barbera mined "The Honeymooners" in creating "The Flintstones", but there
are some very interesting similarities between the two shows.  Of course the
jury is still out on whether Jeannene Garafalo's own brand of humor inspired
that of Daria's, but that's an entirely different issue.  However, both
shows do seem to exhibit the same conflict/resolution dynamic in their
stories (especially in the first two seasons of Daria).  Take any typical
episode of "M*A*S*H", for instance.   Such an episode typically deals with
Hawkeye (with Trapper or B. J.) having to deal with some idiotic problem
that's cropped up.   Sometimes it may be the lack of army boots in Hawkeye's
size or a Korean woman who's married to a Jewish army soldier who needs to
have a bris (i. e. circumcision) performed on her newborn son.  Throughout
the course of the episode Hawkeye and his friend (whether it's Trapper or B.
J.) have to fight the bureacracy to get what they want.  Sometimes they
succeed, though sometimes they don't (for instance, Hawkeye getting the
boots he needs falls apart when all the deals he made in order to get them
fall apart themselves).  Now take a look at a typical episode of "Daria".
Daria and Jane have to deal with the problem of the week that crops up like
another of Ms. Li's "mandatory-voluntary" activities or having to go to a
family reunion.  Throughout the course of the episode Daria and Jane have to
fight the school's own bureacracy as well as their own parents and peers to
right what's wrong (at least in their own eyes) and don't always succeed (as
was famously exemplified in "See Jane Run" or "Just Add Water").

Another way that both shows are similar is in their seemless addition of
drama to the comedy.  Of course "M*A*S*H" reveled in using dramatic moments
to heighten the comedy and vice versa.  "Daria" isn't replete with as many
of those moments as "M*A*S*H", but in the rare instances that it does
(mainly the episodes "Fire!", "Dye!  Dye!  My Darling", "My Night at
Daria's" and "Boxing Daria" as well as the movies "Is It Fall Yet?" and "Is
It College Yet?"), the drama is effectively used to advance the plot.  Of
course the biggest dramatic moments occurred at the height of the
Daria/Jane/Tom controversy as well as the subsequent relationship between
Daria and Tom. Those include Jane's botched hair dye job, Daria kissing Tom,
Jane almost being forced into a lesbian relationship with Alison, Daria and
Tom's failed attempt at sex and Daria's failure to be admitted to Brownwell
University.  Of course Quinn's had her dramatic moments as well, including
the really dramatic moment when David brushed her off after tutoring her all
summer and her subsequent decision to seek Daria's advice on the matter, not
to mention her having to deal with Lindy's alcoholism.

Another way both shows are similar is in the use of romance.  Of course
Hawkeye is a Cassanova in fatigues, seeking to bed every woman he can get
his mitts on, whereas Burns carries on a relationship with Hot Lips behind
his wife's back. Romance didn't play as big a part in "Daria" at first other
than Brittany's relationship with star quarterback Kevin Thompson and
Student Government Vice President Jodie Landon's relationship with football
team captain Michael Jordan "Mack" MacKenzie.  However, toward the end of
the first season, Daria begins to have feelings for Jane's older brother
Trent, though by the end of the third season those feelings are more or less
shot down due to the events of "Lane Miserables" and "Jane's Addition".
However, Jane and Tom were certainly an item throughout most of the fourth
season, as well as Daria and Tom in the final season.  Of course, there goes
without saying the relationship between O'Neill and Barch, which culminated
in the divorced Barch more or less dragging O'Neill to the altar.  :-) There
is, as well, Quinn's own way of playing the field, which comes back to burn
her in "Is It Fall Yet?" and results in her trying to find the right person
for her in "One J at a Time".  Of course her not finding Mr. Right is one of
those unresolved issues that I was disappointed in, but perhaps Quinn, like
Daria, has realized that perhaps she can do without a man in her life for
the time being.  The only person who comes close to being a lothario like
Hawkeye is Upchuck, and for most of the series he doesn't even come close to
achieving his goals, though he does win Stacy as a friend in "Life in the
Past Lane" and apparently scores with the taciturn Andrea in "Is It College
Yet?"

So, as can be seen, both "Daria" and "M*A*S*H" have quite a few similarities
to them.  Both have similar characters.  Both deal with the fight against
bureacracy and inanity in general.  Both effectively use drama to advance
the comedy.  Finally, both use romance to advance their plots as well.  Of
course I will still to my dying day would wish they had ended "Is It College
Yet?" the way the final episode of "M*A*S*H" ended.  I would have liked it
if Jane had painted "Good-bye" on the roof of Casa Lane for Daria to see
while her flight to college was flying overhead just like B. J. had spelled
"Good-bye" with sandbags for Hawkeye to see when his helicopter took off.
But that, of course is just my own opinion. :-)  Therefore, the next time
you watch either "Daria" or "M*A*S*H", take a closer look at them and you'll
be surprised as to how similar both shows are.  You won't be disappointed.
:-)

While I've got the soapbox, I just want to remind everyone that if you
haven't already, please sign my petition to get the uncensored version of
Daria added to TNN.  Just go to
http://www.geocities.com/dickmarino/dariatnn.html, or if you prefer, go to
http://www.petitiononline.com/turk182/petition.html.  As of when I typed
this essay, I've got 115 signatures on this petition.  The petition will be
open to signature until January 31, 2003.  The more people who sign, the
more TNN will realize that there are people out there who want to see Daria
in its uncensored glory.  So, keep on fighting the good fight, people. :-)

Therefore, on that note, "We're done.  Get out!"

Peter W. Guerin
President and CEO, Mark Zero Fan Fiction, Unlimited
Hudson Falls, New York
October 25, 2002
2:56 PM

================================================================================

THE END

================================================================================

THIS ESSAY HAS BEEN AN EXCLUSIVE CREATION OF MARK Ø FAN FICTION, UNLIMITED!

================================================================================

"Home of the World's Weirdest Fan Fiction"

================================================================================

Home page:  http://www.geocities.com/televisioncity/network/4938

================================================================================

E-mail:  markzero@email.com
ICQ:  48647033
Official chat room #markzero located at Sorcery.Net
(Java chat client available at http://www.sorcery.net)

================================================================================

CLANG!  CLANG!  OUCH!  I HIT MYSELF WITH THE !@#$%^& HAMMER!

================================================================================

MARK Ø FAN FICTION REMEMBERS THOSE WHO WERE LOST ON SEPTEMBER 11, 2001.
GOD BLESS AMERICA.

================================================================================

BUY WAR BONDS AT YOUR FINANCIAL INSTITUTION.

================================================================================
