HAIL AND FAREWELL, DARIA

================================================================

An Essay about the "Movie Is It College Yet?" and the State of "Daria"
Fandom at This Point in Time
By Peter W. Guerin

================================================================

"There is a divinity that shapes our ends, rough-hew them as we will."
--William Shakespeare, Hamlet, Act V, Scene 2

"Good-bye, kids."
--Clarabell the Clown on the final episode of The Howdy Doody Show, 1960.

================================================================

She began literally as an after-thought for a show that was just getting
itself off the ground.  Mike Judge, who in 1992 had just spun off his
newly-popular troublemaking duo of Beavis and Butt-Head from MTV's
animation anthology series "Liquid Television", realized he didn't have a
regular female character on the show, so he asked someone on his
staff--Glenn Eichler--to make one for him.  Instantly, as it were, a
person popped into Eichler's mind who was someone loosely based on a
friend he knew back in high school named Daria, whom almost everyone
called "Diarrhea".  Just a touch of Jeannene Garafolo's sarcastic humor
was added to this person, and she made her debut telling someone
"10,000 volts--up the butt."

Five years later, in 1997, with "Beavis and Butt-Head" about to wrap up
its run on MTV and Judge moving on to create "King of the Hill" for Fox,
Eichler got together with Susie Lewis and pitched an idea to MTV's top
brass:  Why not spin Daria Morgendorffer off onto her own series?
MTV was cool to the idea at first; they figured someone who was smart,
cynical and anti-social couldn't carry her own show.  Eichler and Lewis
persevered, and MTV finally greenlighted the show.  On March 3, 1997,
"Daria" made its debut.  At first the critics weren't too enthusiastic
about the show; after all, how could you top Beavis and Butt-Head's
pyromaniacal tendencies?  However, the show began to develop a following,
and Eichler and Lewis seemed vindicated.

Now, after sixty-five regular episodes and one made-for-MTV movie
"Is It Fall Yet?", Daria Morgendorffer, Jane Lane, Tom Sloane and the rest
of the denizens of Lawndale say good-bye and wrap up five incredible
years with yet another made-for-MTV movie "Is It College Yet?"  The movie
comes at a time when the fan community for the series is still
reeling--in some ways--from the divisions that began to manifest
themselves early on in the show's run.   Mainly, the divisions have been
over who Daria should fall in love with--Jane's guitar-playing slacker
brother Trent, or the "poor little rich boy" himself, Tom.  Running
parallel to this dispute has been a similar conflict over if the show
should have stuck with what it had going for it in its first season, or
if it should have had its characters developed like they did.  These
disputes have polarized a fan community in such a manner that hasn't been
seen since "Trekkies" argued over if "The Next Generation" was better than
the original series.

What distinguishes a masterpiece of art from others of its genre is that
the artist decides to take risks, trying something that hasn't been
attempted before in the medium of choice.  Eichler and Lewis decided to do
to "Daria" what other shows of its ilk like "Archie", "Saved by the Bell",
"Square Pegs" and "Freaks and Geeks" didn't:  Inject a healthy dose of
reality, with a liberal dash of irony.  Sure, Moose on "Archie" was dumb,
but people tolerated him; Kevin Thompson is just as dumb, and he drives
neurotic social studies teacher Anthony DeMartino up the wall, right eye
bulging out and all.  No one ever died on "Saved by the Bell"; in
"Daria's" first season finale "The Misery Chick", football legend Tommy
Sherman buys it, and Daria and Jane have to deal with the consequences.
Archie Andrews fooled around with Veronica Lodge and Betty Cooper without 
anything worse than the occasional argument; from the end of the
third season onward, Daria and Jane had to deal with Tom--first as Jane's
boyfriend, then as Daria's--and the very devastating consequences it
entails.

================================================================

What do people see in Daria when they watch the show?  Odds are, they see
something of themselves and the experiences they have or had when they are
or were in high school themselves--even if it has been more than twenty
years since they last had their noses in a textbook.  The experiences
Daria undergoes in the course of the series are the experiences most of us
have gone through during the high school years.  Frankly, we've been
through the caste system Mankind had humorously labeled "class cliques";
it is as impersonal and upwardly immobile as that Hindu system of
classifying people by their occupations in life or their physical
condition.  No matter what school you go to, the jocks and fashion plates
are on the top; the nerds and geeks are in the middle; the Goths and
Metalheads are somewhere on the bottom and the Special Education students
are the "Untouchables".  It is as inalterable as the three groups of the
High, the Middle and the Low that George Orwell wrote about in his novel
"1984".  The aims of these groups are also inalterable and irreconcilable.
The jocks and fashion plates want to remain on top; the nerds and geeks
want to change places with the jocks and fashion plates and thus earn some
recognition; the Goths and Metalheads want some respect; and the Special
Education students--when they realize they are oppressed--want a society
where everyone is equal in rights and privileges regardless of their
physical, mental or emotional condition.

The thing with Daria, though, is that she clearly doesn't fit into the
caste system I've just described.  She certainly is not a jock or fashion
plate (the infamous moment toward the end of "Quinn the Brain"
notwithstanding); she doesn't portray herself as a nerd or geek--at least
not the kind someone like Charles "Upchuck" Ruttheimer III is depicted as;
she certainly is not a Goth like Andrea or a Metalhead, and she certainly
is not a Special Education student.  I have met people who said they
couldn't fit into any of the groups I have described, so this is not so
unusual a case.  Daria is a person who has that rare gift of seeing the
world as it is and rejecting the premises it is based on.  She is as quick
to point out the megalomaniacal tendencies of Lawndale High School
Principal Angela Li as she is in brushing off Upchuck's amorous advances.
She finds justice in Kevin getting yelled at by DeMartino when he shows
his incredible stupidity, and is as quick to find fault with DeMartino's
rantings.  She values the friendship she has in Jane but puts it to the
test in the incidents with Tom.  She views her family as shallow but has
taken the bull by the horns to tell her sister Quinn, her mother Helen and
her father Jake when they're in the wrong.  She is a feminist, but doesn't
subscribe to the firebrand style of feminism preached by überfeminist
science teacher Janet Barch, preferring instead that of her aunt, Amy
Barksdale.  She may look like a girl, but she very much a woman, with
wisdom that belies her age.

================================================================

Now Daria and her world are about to change as she faces the end of
senior year, graduation and moving on to college.  Indeed, quite a few
questions have been raised during the course of the past five years;
questions that may or may not be answered in the final movie.  Those
questions are:

1.  What college will Daria go to?;

2.  What will happen to Daria and Tom's relationship?;

3.  What will happen to Daria and Jane's friendship?;

4.  Who will win the long-simmering struggle for control of the Fashion
Club--current Vice-President Quinn or current President Sandi Griffin?;

5.  Who will be valedictorian--Daria or superstudent Jodie Landon?;

6.  Will Daria and Trent ever fall in love?;

7.  Will Trent's band Mystik Spiral stay together?;

8.  Will Daria and Jane finally get revenge against Ms. Li for all the
agony she's put them through by making them go to her
"mandatory-voluntary" activities?;

9.  Will Ms. Li finally get what's coming to her for arrogantly abusing
her powers?;

10.  Will wishy-washy English teacher Timothy O'Neill finally pop the
question to Ms. Barch?;

11.  Will Jodie and football team captain Michael Jordan "Mack" McKenzie
finally stand up to their pushy parents?;

12.  Will Helen finally stand up to her boss Eric Schreter?

13.  Will Upchuck finally get a girlfriend, or get slapped with a sexual
harassment lawsuit?;

14.  Will DeMartino's right eye finally burst from all those years it
bulged out?;

15.  What will happen to Kevin's relationship with head cheerleader
Brittany Taylor, and will they graduate, let alone go to college?;

16.  Will Quinn be expelled from the Fashion Club when her mother orders
her to take a part-time job, and how will she cope with her new friend
Lindy's alcoholism?;

17.  Will Jake and Helen get divorced?

18.  Will Andrea speak more than a few words this time?; and

19.  Will Aunt Amy make one more appearance, along with Aunt Rita?

These questions will be answered as I review the movie.

================================================================

The central plot of "Is It College Yet?" revolves around Daria's dilemma
regarding which college she wishes to go to, and whether she wants to
continue her relationship with Tom; closely related is whether or not her
"partner in crime" Jane will go to college as well.  Daria gets some
warning ahead of time that things are coming to an abrupt end with Tom
during a trip to visit some college campuses with Tom and his mother, Kay.
The focus of the entire trip centers on a visit to Bromwell University,
which both Daria and Tom have applied for.  They spend so much time at
Bromwell that they give essentially short shrift to Daria's second choice:
Raft University.  Adding insult to injury, Daria finds out that she is on
a waiting list for Bromwell but got accepted to Raft, while Tom made it to
Bromwell, thanks in large part due to family influence.  When not even a
letter of recommendation written by Tom's parents changes Daria's luck in
regard to Bromwell, she finally decides to cut her losses and dumps Tom.
Some may question the wisdom of this move, since some may speculate that
she was just rashly taking her problems out on Tom, but the reality of the
situation is that Tom seems no different from the rest of his family:
shallow and superficial, and that he was just putting on a façade of being
on Daria's side.  However, if the old-guard Daria/Trent 'shippers had
their hopes raised that Daria would come running back to Trent, they were
dashed when she didn't--at least as far as the movie was concerned.  If
the statement made at the "TV Guide" Web site is to believed, and that a
spin-off series featuring Trent and Mystik Spiral is in the works, perhaps
Daria will make some cameo appearances and perhaps renew the whole
'shipper debate.  Until then, be prepared for a ton of fan fiction where
Daria--while at college--decides to "wise up", get back together with
Trent and run away to Mexico with him to get married; either that, or
Daria and Tom meet while on vacation, and Daria realizes that Tom isn't so
bad after all.  Either of those events could happen, or something
completely different.

Jane, for her part, has been in a dither about whether she should submit a
portfolio to Boston Fine Arts College (BFAC) or not go to college at all.
She initially decides to lean in the latter direction when she receives
two rejection notices from some other colleges she applied to and some 
concern from Trent, but with some prodding by Daria, Jane relents,
submits a portfolio and is accepted to BFAC.  Thus our two heroines will
be in college in Boston, with a chance to meet up during weekends.

The main plot and the principal subplot help serve to finally close the
debate on the great 'shipper controversy; it's like Glenn told every
faction in this mess to take a hike.  It also serves to finally put the
Tom controversy behind both women.  When Daria dumps Tom, Jane is entirely 
supportive of her, a diametric turnaround from the situation that
had existed in "Fire!", "Dye!  Dye!  My Darling" and "Is It Fall Yet?"
Both Daria and Jane emerge at the end of the film better friends than
ever, and better equipped to handle whatever life throws at them.  They
may have "sold out", as Trent told Jane when she applied to BFAC, but not
to the extent that Trent feared;  their core values are still intact.
Both of them have also matured in this situation; however, if maturity is
defined as adapting to the adverse situations life throws a person's way
and going on with his/her life despite those adverse situations, Daria and
Jane are definitely more mature than their peers--or their elders, and
have been for quite a long time.  The door was effectively opened to these
possibilities when Daria told Tom she'd like to remain friends and meet
up with him during vacation.


The most important matter is that Daria realizes that she doesn't need a
man to be happy.  After the debacle with Trent, the Daria/Tom/Jane love
triangle and a relationship with Tom, Daria realizes that she will need
some more time until she can fully commit herself to a man.  That is not a
weakness on her part rather than a strength.  She realizes that she can't
have a relationship with a guitar-playing bum or a superficially shallow
"rebel poseur"; there is someone out there for Daria, but who it is will
probably remain a mystery.

================================================================

Two other closely related subplots concerned Jodie split between going to
Crestwood--which is what her father, Andrew, wants--or Turner, which is
what she wants, as well as Kevin and Brittany's own post-high school
plans.

Jodie clearly is seen to have reached a breaking point as far as Andrew's
pushing her is concerned.  Her dilemma is made even worse when she is
accepted by both colleges, and she winds up breaking down and crying in
front of Mack, who decides to confront Andrew about this situation.  Jodie
has had it playing the good "token black person" in Lawndale High; now she
wants to be at a place where she can be accepted by her peers, but Andrew
refuses to accept the situation until Mack speaks to him about it.  After
a discussion with Jodie and Michele--his wife--Andrew finally realizes
that he has made Jodie unhappy and agrees to her choice of Turner.

As for Kevin and Brittany, Kevin has found out that (no surprise) he's
being left back, while Brittany and the rest of the cheerleading squad are
going to Great Prairie State College.  Kevin beats around the bush for as
long as he can until he finally admits that he's been left back.
Brittany, however, promises to remain faithful to Kevin; how long that
will last of course will probably never be known.

================================================================

Of course no "Daria" episode or movie could be complete without something
involving Quinn and the Fashion Club.  First, Quinn takes a job at
Governor's Park restaurant as a hostess in order to pay off a credit card
debt, where she meets college student Lindy; next, Stacy Rowe makes a wish
at her birthday party that pushy Fashion Club President Sandi Griffin
would shut up, which leads her to coming down with laryngitis.

While on the job, Quinn finds out to her horror that Lindy is an
alcoholic.  Lindy sneaks in a drink no matter where she goes--at a party,
at a movie theater, even on the job.  It is while taking a drink on the
job that Lindy pays the price for her habit and is fired.  Quinn tries to
force Lindy to admit to her problem, but doesn't succeed.  Later on, Lindy
shows up at the Morgendorffer residence, tells her a tall tale about being
able to control her drinking and gives Quinn a mirror she promised to make
for her.  This was perhaps the only disappointment in the entire film--the
situation wasn't resolved.  Lindy didn't get involved in a DWI, get killed
or killed someone else; neither did she tearfully admit to her problem and
started going to AA meetings.  But perhaps Glenn was making a point with
this and several other unresolved issues left hanging at the end of the
movie--that in real life, unlike in sitcoms or cartoons, problems are not
always resolved and hanging threads are not always neatly tied up into a
cute little package with a cute little bow on top.  Give Quinn some credit
for trying her best to handle this situation with some of the maturity
we've seen from her in Is It Fall Yet? and "Lucky Strike".  I say "some"
only because we saw Quinn backpedal a bit during the graduation scene
when she decided to wear a ballcap and sunglasses when Daria began 
delivering her award acceptance speech; one wonders if she began
claiming to everyone that Daria was her cousin again afterwards. :-)

As far as the Fashion Club's concerned, if anyone was hoping that Quinn
and Sandi would finally have a catfight over control of the club, they
were bitterly disappointed.  With Sandi sidelined by not being able to
speak and Quinn on her job, the Fashion Club barely is able to function.
Stacy's botched attempt to fix things by using a "curse remover" (which
Tiffany Blum-Deckler drinks by mistake) only makes things worse.  When
Sandi finally makes a list of demands to Stacy to show she's sorry, she
quits the Fashion Club, finally showing some backbone.  However, the other
three members also quit--only to agree to meet the next day about what to
do with their new spare time.  Whether the Fashion Club really is no more
or not will probably never be known except in the annals of fan fiction.
Also, it effectively ended the Quinn-Sandi struggle at a draw.  I have
always held that both of them are too evenly matched, and like the three
superpowers in George Orwell's 1984, neither side can truly defeat the
other.

================================================================

There were quite a few other subplots in the movie that should be dealt
with quickly.  The most important of those was the situation between
Mr. O'Neill and Ms. Barch.

Ever since that moment in "Fair Enough" where Ms. Barch read
Mr. O'Neill's fortune, those two have been an odd romantic item.  When
Ms. Barch misinterprets Mr. O'Neill's hesitancy as a marriage proposal,
Mr. DeMartino tries to counsel O'Neill into abandoning the situation, only
to have it incredibly backfire against him when Barch actually likes
O'Neill getting some "backbone" into his character.  All DeMartino gets
for his pains is a black eye.  It is a shame we didn't get to see the
actual marriage, but it will certainly serve as more grist for the fan fic
mill.  I do have to admit as an O'Neill/Barch 'shipper myself that having
all these moments in this film did satisfy my own 'shipper cravings. :-)

The graduation scene itself was a tad bit disappointing, if only that
Daria blew her big chance to tell off Ms. Li, the teachers and her fellow
students.  I was really hoping she'd announce that she had uncovered a
scandal involving Ms. Li embezzling school funds, with police officers
arriving to drag Li off stage in handcuffs.  However, what she did
say--saying that high school sucks while thanking her friends and
family--did drive home the point that Daria has had it with the
superficiality of high school life and is moving on to bigger and better
things.  Also, winning an academic award certainly came as a big shock to
Daria, perhaps deflating her chances to get even with Li.  Finally, it was
no surprise that Jodie was valedictorian; even C. E. Forman in his fan fic
"No Picnic" has Daria admit that it was Jodie's to have since she had all
those extracurricular activities.  Those who were hoping for a horse race
between Daria and Jodie for the honor were left disappointed.

There were some other things that were only briefly covered or not covered
at all.  Upchuck finally got some action with a girl--and it was none
other than the Goth queen herself, Andrea.  There was no appearance by
Mystik Spiral at all; Jake and Helen didn't get divorced; Amy and Rita
didn't show up, either; Andrea only spoke a few more words; Helen didn't
tell off Eric, and DeMartino's right eye didn't burst.

================================================================

I think the overall theme of the movie is that no matter how much things
do change, they always remain the same in some sort of manner.  Daria and
Jane manage to maintain their friendship despite the double turmoil of
deciding where to go to college and another romantic break-up.  In fact,
Daria and Jane score one more moral victory against the craziness that is
life--only this time the enemy isn't their parents, fellow students or an
inane school administration and faculty, it's their mutual antagonist
(so to speak), Tom.  Some may come away from this movie feeling vindicated
that their view of Tom as a manipulative, spoiled rich boy has been
validated, but not necessarily.  Daria has come to realize that its better
to earn one's way into a good college rather than rely on family
connections, and if her family's not as wealthy as the Sloanes, then
forget them and the fancy cars they rode into Lawndale in.  Quinn changed
and not changed in her own unique manner.  The rest of the cast likewise
faced considerable challenges--some of them won, some of them lost, but
isn't that the way life is?

There are some fans, however, who feel that life shouldn't be that way.
Glenn himself was aware of that in some measure in an interview
"Toon Magazine" Associate Editor Michelle Klein-Häss conducted announcing
the end of Daria.  In essence, Is It College Yet? may be the biggest
wake-up call to a group of fans since William Shatner shrieked
"Get a life!" at the Trekkies in that infamous "Saturday Night Live"
sketch.  Glenn was showing some weariness over the continued 'shipper
bickering, the overall direction of the plotline, and what the show's
concepts of good vs. evil were.  I've said it before and I'll say it
again--if it was decided to freeze time and just have Daria and Jane
triumph mercilessly over Lawndale High in every episode (like they seemed
to do in Season 1), the show would have become as predicable as
"Beetle Bailey" or "Garfield" or any other cartoon or comic strip that
recycles the same old jokes over and over again.  I'm also sorry to say
to 'shippers of almost all stripes that their fondest wishes didn't come
true.  If you can't stand unrequited love, then you should steer clear of
such shôjo anime as "Kimagure Orange Road" and "Maison Ikkoku", where
romantic relationships, love triangles, unrequited love and failed
relationships are seen in spades.  Unfortunately, that's how it works in
real life as well.  Who here among us didn't have a failed first romantic
relationship?  Who here hasn't had to deal with the pains of unrequited
love?  For that matter--and Glenn himself pointed this out--there are no
clear-cut heroes and villains on Daria; Ms. Li and Sandi are no more or
less evil than the Soup Nazi and Neuman the Mailman on "Seinfeld" were.
It would be more accurate to say that every character has had his/her
positive AND negative traits exposed on the show, as if the series were a
Greek or Shakespearean tragedy where all the shortcomings of the
characters are revealed.  Frankly not only has the emperor been revealed
not to have any clothes, but the entire court and the entire kingdom as
well.

Therefore to all the fans out there, now that this series is over, let's
let bygones be bygones.  We can either choose to quibble over whether
Daria and Trent were meant to be together until the Universe comes to an
end, or we can like come to some truce and agree to disagree like the fans
of the various "Star Trek" series.  The ball is now in your court, "Daria"
fans.

================================================================

Now that the end is here for "Daria", we can look back at a series that
was unique in the annals of American animation, a series that perhaps came
closer to the style of Japanese anime known as shôjo or girls' anime than
to a typical teen show or a soap opera.  Glenn Eichler has earned his
place in the pantheon of American animators with the Walt Disneys, Bill
Plymptons and Chuck Joneses of the business and certainly must have made
his old boss Mike Judge proud.  "Is It College Yet?" is a fitting end to a
spectacular series.  While some people may be looking for the next best
thing to come down the pipe, we have this movie that neatly sums up what
Daria has faced for all these years:  Having to put up with the junk life
deals out.  It is said that a tragic hero only becomes tragic when he
accepts his/her fate and what life deals out to him/her; Daria accepts her
fate and what life has dealt to her with her trademark deadpan look and
monotone voice intact.  Reality in the form of Laertes might have taken a
swipe at her with its point-envenomed epée, but the poison doesn't work on
Daria, since she's long developed her own antidote.  Therefore, hail and
farewell, Daria Morgendorffer; we don't know what the road ahead might
lead to, but she certainly has the skills to take whatever may come.

================================================================

On a related note, this will be the final piece of work I will write
about "Daria", ever.  I decided to quit writing "Daria" fan fiction last
year, and this will be my final "Daria" essay.  However, I will still
continue to be in the "Daria" fan community, posting the occasional
message at the Paperpusher's Message Board, chatting with everyone at the
#Daria+ IRC chat room, and I will still continue to write fan fiction on
other shows (right now, I'm writing a series of "Ed, Edd n Eddy" fics).
So, don't think of this as "Good-bye"; instead, as they said in the
"Masters of the Universe" movie, think of it as "Safe Journey". :-)
Therefore, on that note, "Will the last person in the room please turn
out the lights?"

Peter W. Guerin
Hudson Falls, New York
January 22, 2002
7:30 PM

================================================================

This is the end/Beautiful friend/This is the end/My only friend/The end/
Of all our elaborate plans/The end/Of everything that stands/The end/
No safety or surprise/The end/I'll never look into your eyes again.

--Jim Morrison, The Doors, "The End"

================================================================


