A new student in Lawndale

NOTE: Ana came out of my imagination... she's not
real... 

(Cut in the Morgendorffer’s kitchen. Daria looks at
the phone and hopes it will ring, but it doesn’t.
Daria gets up and hurries to her room when Quinn gets
out of her room. Suddenly, the phone rings. Daria
picks up the receiver before Quinn.)

DARIA: hello?

JANE: hey… wanna come eat a pizza with me?

DARIA: Of course… be at your house in five minutes…
bye.

(Daria hangs up. Cut to see Jane looking at the phone,
looking surprise.)

JANE: What the hell is wrong with that girl?

TRENT: (appearing behind her) Janey… since when are
you talking to yourself?

JANE: Since Daria acts really strange!

TRENT: What makes you say that?

JANE: I ask her to come eat a pizza with me… and she
said she was coming here and hangs up before I could
say anything!

TRENT: Oh… I see!

(Cut to see Daria, Jane and Trent sitting at the
restaurant. They are eating their pizza in silence.
Suddenly, a girl who enters the restaurant catches the
attention of Daria and Jane. She has black hair and
dark eyes. She is wearing a black dress and combat
boots. Her face is white and her lips are black.)

JANE: What the… 

DARIA: Who the…

TRENT: (turning around) Oh my god… 

JANE & DARIA: What?

TRENT: It’s… it’s… Ana … one of my favorite singer…
what is she doing here?

JANE: Who?

TRENT: You know… that video I made you watch last week
that came from Canada? The one that doesn’t play on
MTV cause she’s not popular in USA?

JANE: oh yeah… I know!

DARIA: huh?

TRENT: I’ll show you!

DARIA: ok… 

(The girl walks toward them and sits down the table
beside them. She doesn’t smile or anything… She sits
there alone and eat in silence.)

JANE: (whispering) why is she so alone? And what is
she doing in Lawndale?

(Cut to see Trent, Daria and Jane in the Lane’s living
room. Trent presses “play” on the remote control. We
see the girl they saw in the restaurant. She is
walking and singing. And we see a band playing beside
her… They are all dressed in black and have black
hair. All is dark in the video. Then he presses
“stop”.)

DARIA: I didn’t know you liked that kind of music
Trent?

TRENT: Me either… until I saw her face… (he laughs
softly) I’m kidding… Yeah… I like that kind of music…

JANE: Trent… come on…

TRENT: what?

(Cut to see Daria and Jane’s class the next morning.
Everyone is talking during Mr. O’Neil class. But they
all stop when Miss Li enters the class.)

MISS LI: I’m… eh… well… there is a new student in
Lawndale high… and she’ll be in that class with you
chil… eh… young people… Well… here she is… good bye…

(She almost runs away when Ana enters the classroom…)

O’NEIL: (hesitant) Well… what’s your name… eh… young
lady?

ANA: Ana Senecal…

O’NEIL: Well… sit down… eh where you want!

(She walks and sits down between Jane and Andrea.
Andrea looks at her and makes a little smile.)

ANDREA: (whispering) Well… Welcome in Lawndale… 

ANA: (turning around) thanks… and you are?

ANDREA: Andrea…

ANA: ok… hi Andrea…

ANDREA: hi…

(Cut to see Jane and Daria sitting at the cafeteria.
They talk about the new student.)

(Cut to see Daria walking to her home after school.
She sees the new girl walking toward her. She stops.)

ANA: hey… eh…

DARIA: I’m Daria!

ANA: Ok… Daria… well… can I as you something?

DARIA: It depends!

ANA: Where is the library?

DARIA: Well… I was going there… come with me if you
want…

ANA: ok… thanks.

(They walk to the library in silence. When they are
there, Ana walks toward the medieval times books.
Daria walks toward her.)

DARIA: Why did you move here?

ANA: Mom needed to take a break from her ex-boyfriend.
He’s worst than mine. He can’t understand that she
don’t want to see him anymore… He follows us
everywhere… but not now… he doesn’t know where we are!

DARIA: Damn! That sucks… 

ANA: I know…

DARIA: Do you miss where you lived?

ANA: The place? Not really… But I kinda miss my
boyfriend… or I should say ex-boyfriend… I couldn’t
tell him where I was going!

DARIA: Poor you…

ANA: yeah… I know… but you don’t have to have pity of
me, you know! It just another bad thing of life… come
on… That god of yours wasn’t very good with me and
doesn’t give me his pity… I don’t really believe in
him you know!

DARIA: Well… sorry…

ANA: It’s ok… used to it… I have to go… I’ll see you
tomorrow Daria! Bye

DARIA: Bye!

(Cut to see Daria looking at a book, trying to find
one she didn’t already read, Alone in the library.)

(Cut the next day at the cafeteria, Daria talks about
the day before to Jane. Then, Jane gets up to go to
the bathroom. Daria eats alone. Suddenly, Upchuck
walks toward her and starts to touch her… Daria tries
to push him away but he doesn’t go. Ana runs toward
Daria and grips Upchuck by the collar of his shirt.)

ANA: You let me friend alone… will you?

UPCHUCK: Wow… Calm down lady… feisty lady… Rrrrrrow…

ANA: (screaming) Let my friend alone… or you’ll regret
it…

(She pushes him toward the garbage and he falls in it.
Daria smiles a bit and Jane arrives)

JANE: What happened?

DARIA: Upchuck was bugging me and she helped me
pushing him away… (to Ana) Thanks!

ANA: no problems… gotta go… talk to you later…

(Cut to see Daria and Jane in Jane’s bedroom. Jane is
drawing a girl who could look like Ana… white face
with black hair. Daria is talking about her new
“friend”.)

JANE: So tell me Daria…

TRENT: (entering the room) Hey girls… hey... Nice
drawing Jane!

JANE: thanks… but what do you want…

TRENT: I’m going out with my idol tonight… be back
late… gotta go… Bye Jane… oh… bye Daria…

(Cut to see Daria’s face turning red. She looks so
jealous. Jane looks at her brother running away.)

JANE: I hate that guy!

(Cut to see Ana and Trent walking down the street
together…)

TRENT: So… why are you in Lawndale exactly? 

ANA: My mom had some problems with her ex-boyfriend…
We had to move somewhere he wouldn’t find us.

TRENT: You don’t miss Montreal… eh… that’s where you
lived right?

ANA: No… actually… I just miss my boyfriend… I
couldn’t even tell him I was moving here…

TRENT: Man… but you know… I can make you forget all
about him…

(He’s going to kiss her.)

ANA: (pushing him a bit farther) Sorry Trent… but I
can’t let you do this…

TRENT: Why?

ANA: I don’t care to break the heart of a guy and my
own… But I care about Daria…

TRENT: Daria?

ANA: Yeah… I saw how she looked at you at the
restaurant the first time I saw you, you know? She
loves you… I know this by her face when you’re around.
Come on… try to tell me you don’t feel anything for
her… 

TRENT: Ah… I can’t!

ANA: I know… that’s why I can’t let you do that! You
have to tell her Trent! You must do this or you’ll
waist all of your life and you’ll lose your only real
love Trent…

TRENT: Well… I’ll try…

ANA: Don’t try… Just do this… Do it for me! 

TRENT: Ok… I’ll do it!

(Cut to see Jane yelling at Trent when he comes back
home. Trent pushes her out of his bedroom. He picks up
the receiver and dials Daria’s number.)

(Cut to see Daria picking up the receiver&#61514;

DARIA: Hello?

TRENT: Hmmm… Daria?

DARIA: Trent?

TRENT: Oh… Daria… I need to talk to you…

DARIA: About?

TRENT: Well… it’s hard to say but…

DARIA: (with a frustrated voice) What? You want me to
help you going out with that chick of…

TRENT: Daria I love you!

DARIA: of yours… What? You… love… me???

TRENT: Yeah… But I wasn’t able to say it to you… but
Ana helped me out…

DARIA: She did?

TRENT: Yeah… she cares about you, you know?

DARIA: awwww…

(Cut to see Ana singing “Sweet dreams” of “Marilyn
Manson” as she plays guitar in her bedroom. Suddenly,
the door open on Daria, looking shy.)

ANA: (who stops playing) Daria?

DARIA: Hmmm… I needed to talk to you!

ANA: Please have a seat Daria!

DARIA: Ah… well… I just wanted to tell you… thanks!

ANA: for?

DARIA: Trent told me what you did for me…

ANA: That’s normal… You’re my only friend in Lawndale
Daria… You’re the only person who accept me in here… I
cannot do that to you…

DARIA: Thank you so much!

(Cut to see Ana smiles for the very first time…)

ANA: I shouldn’t have smile… please don’t tell that to
anybody!

DARIA: Ok… I promise…

ANA: Thanks!

(Daria gets up and walks toward the door.)

ANA: Daria?

DARIA: (turning around) what?

ANA: Thanks!

DARIA: no problem… You did much more for me!

(They smile at each other)

(Cut to see Daria the next morning walking to Jane.
Trent opens the door.)

TRENT: Oh… hey Daria.

DARIA: (smiling) Hi Trent!

TRENT: (Whispering in Daria’s ear) I love you!

DARIA: (whispering) Me too!

(Cut to see them kissing)

JANE: (who arrives in the back) Well, well… I was
ready to kill that… girl and now I find you both
kissing! What happened?

TRENT: It’s a very long story Janey!

JANE: Well… I want to know it!

DARIA: You’ll know it… but let us the time to sit down
ok?

JANE: ok, ok!

THE END… (or is it?)
