Cynic Wars: Episode I
The Fashion Menace
by Matt

	I've gotten such great feedback on my last Daria crossover fanfic, Sarcasm
of Titanic Proportions, that I've decided to write another. Predictably,
Episodes IV, V, and VI will follow. Don't pester me to write eps II and III.
How can I possibly write a parody of movies not made yet? If you hunger for
closure, pester George Lucas to make the movies faster.

Cast:

Elli-Gon Jinn:                                             Eleanor Barksdale**
Amy-Won Kenobi:                                                  Amy Barksdale
Senator Rita Palpatine/Darth Hideous:                           Rita Barksdale
Queen Barksdale:                                  Marianne (Helen's assistant)
Handmaiden Helen:                                Helen Barksdale-Morgendorffer
Darth Paul:                                  Paul (from the episode "I Don't")
Ra-ra Binks:                                                   Brittany Taylor
Master Yo-Duh:                                                       Jane Lane
Jake Skywalker:                                             Jake Morgendorffer
Fashion Viceroy:                                                 Sandi Griffin
Viceroy's second-in-command:                              Tiffany Blum-Deckler
Chancellor O'Neill:                                            Timothy O'Neill
Stacy-3PO:                                                          Stacy Rowe
Watto-Sebulba-Jake's father: (combined role)           "Mad Dog" Morgendorffer
Captain Kevin:                                                  Kevin Thompson
Boss DeMartino:                                              Anthony DeMartino
Mistress Barch:                                                    Janet Barch
Captain Schrecter:                               Eric Schrecter (Helen's boss)
R-Ted-D-Ted:                                                Ted DeWitt-Clinton

**from C.E. Forman's fanfic "Alienation Legacy". Used with permission.

(screen is black until the following blue words appear)

Not too long ago................in a galaxy in Matt's mind............that's
way, way out there...................

(John William's' "Star Wars" music begins playing as the following words
appear)

CYNIC WARS

(Words scroll upwards, explaining the plot.)

                                  Episode I:
                              THE FASHION MENACE

                      It is a very troubled time in the
                   Galactic Republic. Fashion, popularity,
                   and stylishness have overrun all aspects
                      of the Senate. The highly popular
                      FASHION FEDERATION has imposed an
                      impenetrable blockade to stop all
                    trading routes to the  small isolated
                     planet of Naboo. While the crisis is
                   debated endlessly in the Senate, Supreme
                    Chancellor O'Neill has dispensed Cynic
                   Knights, the guardians of free thinking
                   and sanity in the republic to settle the
                          dispute...................

(words fade as a vast shot of space is seen. A moment later a starship rockets
past the camera. Camera pans left to follow it. The ship approaches a planet
surrounded by ships.) (Cut to inside the ship where a hooded Elli-Gon Jinn
addresses the pilot)

ELLI-GON: Ask them for permission to board.

PILOT: (hits a few buttons. A view screen activates and we see Sandi's face
appear) The honorable ambassadors to the chancellor wish to board.

SANDI: All right. But our blockade is like, totally legal, or whatever.

(The ship flies into a docking bay and two hooded figures disembark, they walk
through the bay, being gazed at all the battle droids, who looks suspiciously
like the three J's, to a door. they are greeted by a protocol droid who looks
exactly like Ms. Defoe)

DROID: I'm TC-14. This way, please.

(The two figures follow the droid into a waiting room)

DROID: Please wait here. my master will be with you shortly.

(The two figures remove their hoods and they're faces are clearly seen. They 
are undoubtedly Elli-Gon Jinn and Amy-Won Kenobi. Elli-Gon is in her forties,
while Amy-Won is in her late teens.)

AMY-WON: I've got a bad feeling about this...................

ELLI-GON: I know what you mean................All this fashion stuff, (sticks 
her tongue out) blech!

AMY-WON: Not about the mission, master..............something 
else..............like something dreadful is about to happen.

ELLI-GON: (looks into the camera) That's called "foreshadowing", kids. (looks 
back at Amy-Won) Don't get all weak in the knees on me, Amy-Won. Worry about
the here-and-now.

AMY-WON: But Master Yo-Duh said to be mindful of the future.

ELLI-GON: (sighs) Yes, but not at the expense of the moment. You've still much
to learn, young smartass. Keep your mind on where you are, not where you're
going.

AMY-WON: Yes, Master. (pause) How do you think this fashion Viceroy will deal 
with the chancellor's demands?

ELLI-GON: Are you kidding? These fashionable types talk tough, but when we 
tell them that the chancellor said they'll get no more funding for new outfits
if they don't clear out of here, they'll run away screaming.

(Both chuckle a bit. Cut to shot of the bridge, where Sandi and her 
second-in-command, Tiffany are addressing the Defoe Droid.)

SANDI: What?! What did you say?!

DEFOE DROID: The ambassadors are Cynic Knights, I believe.

SANDI: They're here to like, force us to settle.

TIFFANY: That's soooooooooo wrong!

SANDI: Really. We're only doing this so the people of Naboo will learn from 
their mistakes and start dressing more fashionably. When they do, we'll leave
on our own.

TIFFANY: What can we do? They're like waiting for us................

SANDI: Go distract them or something. I'll call Darth Hideous.

TIFFANY: Me? hang out with two Cynic Knights?! No way...............they're so
geeky. And their clothes...............

SANDI: All right. (looking at the droid) We'll like, send a droid.

(Cut to a shot of the waiting room. Amy-Won looks at her watch as the droid 
returns with drinks)

AMY-WON: What the hell is taking so long?

ELLI-GON: I don't know, but this "fashionably late" attitude of theirs is 
starting to piss me off................

(Cut back to the bridge Where Sandi and Tiffany stand before a cloaked 
holographic figure. Dark, ominous music plays in the background.)

TIFFANY: Like, this blockade thing is over............we're no match for those
"brains"

(The cloaked figure, who is none other than Rita Palpatine in disguise, scowls
at Tiffany)

RITA: Viceroy, I don't want to see this "fashionable" wimp again! (pause 
composes herself.) This is unfortunate, we will have to accelerate our plans.
Begin landing your troops.

SANDI: (suprised) Uh, isn't that sort of..............illegal?

RITA: (scowling again) Yes! But I'll handle the Senate. You handle those two 
Cynic Knights.

SANDI: Like, How?

RITA: I don't care! Just do it.................(image fades)

SANDI: Like what do these two look like?

(a nearby droid projects their images on the floor. Sandi and Tiffany look 
terrified)

SANDI: Like, we have to destroy them!

TIFFANY: And burn those robes!

SANDI: Really. And why do they wear glasses?! We like, live in a futuristic 
society, they should just get laser treatment or something.

(Sandi goes to a control console and presses a button. Cut to a shot of the 
docking bay. Laser cannons fire repeatedly and destroy Elli-Gon's ship. cut to
a shot of the waiting room. Amy-Won and Elli-Gon rise and ignite their
lightsabres as thick poisonous gases fill the room)

AMY-WON: (imitating Elli-Gon's voice) "Don't get all weak in the knees on me,
Amy-Won. Worry about the here-and-now."

ELLI-GON: Oh, shut up, and hold your breath.

(cut to a shot of outside the room. Droid versions of the three J's are there.
the door opens to reveal a thick fog of gas.)

DROID JOEY: Check it out, Jeffy. We'll cover you.

DROID JEFFY: Roger, roger.

(Two lightsabres ignite)

DROID JAMIE: Uh-oh...............

DROID JOEY: Blast 'em!

(Amy-Won and Elli-Gon leap from the waiting room and make short work of the 
droids. Three more droids race towards them. Amy-Won simply holds out her
hand.)

AMY-WON: Talk to the hand, cause the face ain't listenin'!

(The three droids fly backwards and smash against the walls)

ELLI-GON: Come on! I wanna teach these fashion twits a lesson!

AMY-WON: (coldly) Absolutely.

(Cut to the bridge)

TIFFANY: Like those droids won't be enough.

SANDI: You're right....................Let's get the Upchuck droids up here!

(Meanwhile Amy-Won and Elli-Gon have made their way to the bridge doors. 
Elli-Gon reads the keypad and it says "Password required for entry")

ELLI-GON: Keep those things busy while I open this door.

AMY-WON: Gladly

(Amy-Won thrashes the battle droids and is loving her job while Elli-Gon 
ponders passwords)

ELLI-GON: Let's see...........FASHION. (types it in. The doors open)

(On the other side Tiffany and Sandi are horrified)
 
SANDI: Close the blast doors!

(Huge double doors close. Elli-Gon goes back to the keyboard.)

ELLI-GON: Hmm...............outfit? (types it in, the first layer of blast 
doors open.)

TIFFANY: They're still coming through...................

SANDI: Like, impossible! How could they figure out my passwords?!

TIFFANY Wow.......they must be super smart................

SANDI: Where are those upchuck droids?!

(Cut to outside the bridge Robotic versions of Upchuck appear on the screen.)

DROID UPCHUCKS: Oh, laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadies!

AMY-WON: God...............no! (to ELLI-GON) Master, chauvinist droids!

(The two Cynic Knights ready their lightsabres as the Upchuck droids approach.
One of them reveals a bottle of ointment)

DROID UPCHUCK: How about a backrub? Roooooooooowlllllllllllllllllllllll!

ELLI-GON: I didn't think even the Fashion Federation could stoop so low as to 
rebuild the banned Upchuck droid! Destroy them!

(The two Cynics swing their lightsabres, but the Upchuck droids are shielded 
from all attacks.)

AMY-WON: It's no use, Master. Their shields are too strong!

ELLI-GON: We'll have to retreat...................

(They bolt down the corridor with the Upchuck droids in pursuit)

UPCHUCK DROIDS: Don't run from your true feelings............you know you 
can't resist us! Roooooooooowwwwwwwwwlllllllllllllll!

(Cut to the bridge where exchange satisfying smiles)

SANDI: Like, not even Cynic Knights are a match for those Upchuck 
droids...........

TIFFANY: Yeah, really...............

(Just then a holographic of Marianne appears)

TIFFANY: Hey, it's Queen Barksdale.

SANDI: Finally. Looks like we're getting somewhere (To the screen) So like, 
Queen Barksdale, or whatever.

MARIANNE: Cut the false pleasantries. Your blockade of our world is at an end.
The Chancellor has informed me that his ambassadors have forced you to reach a
settlement.

SANDI: Like, what are you talking about? There's no ambassadors here.

MARIANNE: Beware, Viceroy. The Fashion Federation has gone to far.............

SANDI: Like, don't get mad at us because you dress so geeky, we're like only 
trying to help..............

(the image fades)

TIFFANY: Do you think she expects an attack.

SANDI: Who cares? They're like no match for our droids, anyway..............

(Cut to a shot of the docking bay Amy-Won and Elli-Gon enter through a 
ventilation shaft. they hide behind large crates and watch drop ships being
loaded with droids)

ELLI-GON: Battle droids? Looks like the Fashion Federation wants the Naboo to 
be fashionable...............or else.

AMY-WON: What do we do, Master?

ELLI-GON: We've got to warn the Naboo and contact Chancellor O'Neill. Let's 
sneak on one of those ships and meet down on the planet.

AMY-WON: I've got a bad feeling about...............

ELLI-GON: Don't start, young smartass.

AMY-WON: (smirks) Yes, Master.

(Cut to a shot of the Naboo surface. Droid tanks are clearing out huge 
sections of forest We see Elli-Gon running away from them. Enter a strange
creature.........wearing a cheerleading outfit, standing in the way,
panic-stricken.)

ELLI-GON: GET OUT OF THE WAY! MOVE!

(Elli-Gon collides with the creature, they fall to the ground as the tank 
hovers over them. Elli-Gon walks off screen)

RA-RA: Hey, wait! (walks after Elli-Gon) Thanks for like, saving my life!

ELLI-GON: You nearly got us both killed, don't you have a brain?!

RA-RA: No, I'm not a brain! I'm a cheerleader! I'm Ra-Ra Binks.

ELLI-GON: (deadpan) That's fascinating, really. But I have to go 
find...........

(A droid enters, chasing Amy-Won, firing blasters)

RA-RA: Eep!

ELLI-GON: Get down!

(Elli-Gon uses her lightsabre to reflect the droid's lasers and destroys it 
just as Amy-Won arrives)

RA-RA: (Twirls her hair with a finger) Wow.............that was really neat!

AMY-WON: What's this?

ELLI-GON: A cheerleader................let's go.

AMY-WON: (To Ra-Ra) Get outta here, before more of those things show up

RA-RA: More?! There's more of those icky robots out there?! We should really 
go to Lawndale, then. It's a high school.

AMY-WON: (shuddering) High school?! No thanks!

ELLI-GON: I know, Amy-won. But we may be able to call for help from there. (To
Ra-Ra) Can you take us there?

RA-RA: Um..............no. The boss is really mean and he'll yell mean things 
at me if I go back there........

(More droids are heard)

ELLI-GON: You hear that? That is the sound of a lot of mean things coming this
way.

AMY-WON: (smirking) And if they find us, they'll do lots of mean 
things...............

RA-RA: Like what?

ELLI-GON: (smirking) Lock us up in a room full of icky bugs.............

AMY-WON: (deadpan) With NO makeup!

RA-RA: EEP! OK, let's go. This way!

(Cut to a shot of the Naboo Palace An undisguised version of Rita is seen on 
the holographic communicator talking to Queen Barksdale and her guard Eric)

RITA: The ambassadors aren't there? (grins) How can that be? I have assurances
from the chancellor that they arrived (starts laughing) It's not like someone
had them killed in an evil plot to take over our world and then the galaxy!
(starts cackling evilly)

MARIANNE: Senator Palpatine? Are you OK?

(Rita cannot control her maniacal laughter and her image fades)

ERIC: It's not safe here your highness. We're no match for the Fashion 
Federation

MARIANNE: I will not condone an action that will lead us to 
war..................

ERIC: OK, we'll just sit here while they invade us. Excellent strategy, your 
highness.

(Ra-Ra leads the way to a pond)

RA-RA: We gotta swim to it, OK? But I have to warn you. People in Lawndale 
don't like brains..............

AMY-WON: Don't worry. We get that all the time.

(The three of them enter the water. After a short swim the three of them 
surface in a swimming pool in a high school gymnasium. Almost immediately, the
trio gathers a crowd of staring students.)

RA-RA: Wow! It's great to see everyone again!

(A football player approaches them)

RA-RA: Oh, Kevvy!

KEVIN: Sorry, babe. But you know you were suspended. I gotta take you to the 
boss.

RA-RA: But, babe!

KEVIN: Are you gonna get it when the boss sees you came back 
here..............with a couple of brains!

(Amy-Won and Elli-Gon just glare)

(Cut to the bosses' room where DeMartino is glaring at Ra-Ra)

DEMARTINO: Ahh, Ra-Ra BINKS! Would you mind telling me why you've REVEALED our
hidden high school to these two STRANGERS!

ELLI-GON: A droid army is about to attack the Naboo. We must warn them.

DEMARTINO: That's really interesting. If only we CARED about the Naboo!

ELLI-GON: Fine. If you won't help, we'll just go.

DEMARTINO: That takes care of that. Now as for YOU Ra-Ra, I believe a week of
ASBESTOS cleanup will do you just fine....................(grins evilly)

ELLI-GON: Now wait a minute.

AMY-WON: We don't have time for this, master.

ELLI-GON: I know, but we need someone stupid to exploit on our trip. Besides, 
someone has to be the cheesy comic relief. (To DeMartino) Tell you what,
provide us with a transport, and we'll take Ra-Ra away from here. you'll never
have to see her again.

DEMARTINO: What a WONDERful thing! Easily worth the price on ONE transport!
Very well.

(Cut to a shot of the Naboo Palace. Queen Barksdale looks on as her city is 
overrun with battle droids. Cut to a shot of outside the Palace where a droid
addresses the viceroy.)

DROID: Viceroy, we have captured the queen.

TIFFANY: Wow........that was sooooooooooo easy.

SANDI: Yeah. We should like conquer planets more often.

(Cut to a shot of the surface where Elli-Gon, Amy-Won, and Ra-Ra are riding in
a hummer, driving to the Naboo Palace.)

AMY-WON: So, Ra-Ra, why were you suspended from Lawndale?

RA-RA: I don't know. I was showing the girls some new cheers one day, and it's
like DeMartino was screaming that my voice was piercing his brain, or
something.

ELLI-GON:(deadpan) No why would he think something like that?

RA-RA: I know! It's not like I have some annoying squeak in my voice!

AMY-WON: (glaring at Elli-Gon) I'll get you for this.............

ELLI-GON (smirking back.) Think of it as part of your training, young 
smartass!

RA-RA: Training?

ELLI-GON: Yes. Amy-Won is my smartass apprentice, training to be a Cynic 
Knight. She is learning the ways of The Sarcasm.

RA-RA: Sarcasm?

ELLI-GON: Yes, the Sarcasm is what gives a Cynic their power. It's all around.
It helps those smart enough to be realistic to deal with life as
it............

RA-RA: You're like giving me a headache!

AMY-WON: (deadpan) The Sarcasm is not strong with this one................

ELLI-GON: Look, there's the Palace. (They see the droids.) Looks like we're 
too late.

(Cut to a shot inside the Palace where the Viceroy is leading the Queen and 
her attendants out of the Palace)

MARIANNE: How will you explain this invasion to the Senate?

SANDI: Duh! We're like the Fashion Federation. We're cute and popular, of 
course the Senate will side with us!

(The Queen sighs and is lead away)

(Cut to a shot of the courtyard, where the two Cynic Knights and Ra-Ra spot a 
droid party with the captured queen. suddenly they leap at the droids, slicing
them to pieces with their lightsabres. Ra-Ra, wanting to help, does so in the
only was she knows how)

RA-RA: Gimme a "C"! Gimme a...........(twirls her hair with a finger) How do 
you spell "Cynic", anyway?

AMY-WON: "S" "H" "U" "T" "U" "P"!

RA-RA: Hmmmmmmmmm

ELLI-GON: Your highness, we're the Chancellor's Ambassadors. Come with us.

MARIANNE: You were supposed to give the Federation a settlement! Not let them
invade us!

AMY-WON: Fine don't come with us, later...............(walks off)

MARIANNE: All right, let's go.

(The party enter a hangar where a ship is waiting.)

ELLI-GON: We should use that ship to get to Courasant.

MARIANNE: I won't leave my people..........

AMY-WON: This really isn't the time to get all noble, your highness.

ELLI-GON: The smartass is right.

ERIC: You should talk to the Senate yourself, your highness. Senator Palpatine
will need your help.

(Marianne turns to one of her hand maidens. A teenage version of Helen)

MARIANNE: What should I do?

HELEN: Don't ask me..........YOU'RE the big-shot Queen, I'M just the lowly 
servant.

MARIANNE: I shall plead our case to the Senate.

HELEN: (thought VO) And she thought calling the shots was so damn 
easy..............

(The group sees a dozen or so battle droids guarding the ship. Amy-Won readies
her lightsabre, but Elli-Gon stops her)

ELLI-GON: Remember, young smartass. The Sarcasm is good for more than 
fighting.

(Elli-Gon casually walks to the ship and is stopped by the droids)

DROID: Halt!

ELLI-GON: (pointing behind the droids) Look! Honor roll geeks!

DROID: (Turning around) Where?! After them troops!

(The droids run off in search of the fictitious geeks)

ELLI-GON: Come on. Let's go!

(The group boards the ship and it rockets off into space and rushes the 
blockade head on)

AMY-WON: Can this thing crash that blockade?

ERIC: We're about to find out.

(Laser beams pound the ship's shields. Soon they give way. A group of droids 
is sent to the outside to repair the power cells. One after another they are
destroyed)

AMY-WON: We're losing droids, fast.

ERIC: If they can't get the shields back up, we're finished.

ELLI-GON: (looking at the camera) Don't worry. We're the good guys, we'll get 
out of this.

(Suddenly, the last droid gets the shields up and heads back in as the cruiser
races past the blockade)

ELLI-GON: (to the camera) Told ya.

AMY-WON: Well, we didn't get away scott-free. We can't make it to Courosant 
without repairs. We'll have to stop on Tatooine to get them.

ELLI-GON: (To the camera) That's called "Plot-twist", kids. Who says education
is boring? Tatooine? Good. The Fashion Federation have no presence there.

ERIC: How do you know?

ELLI-GON: It's controlled by the Huts.

ERIC: You can't take her royal Highness there! The huts are............weird.

ELLI-GON: So they have a few thousand tattoos and piercings and worship the 
Devil. They're still better than those Fashion cronies.

(Cut to a shot of Sandi's ship. She and Tiffany are speaking with Darth 
Hideous, Rita in disguise)

RITA: So, where is Queen Barksdale?

SANDI: (nervous) Uh, like she escaped on a ship that broke through the 
blockade.

RITA: (Yelling) FIND HER!!!

TIFFANY: Uh, they're out of our range...............

RITA: Not for a Sellout..........(A second image appears behind Rita) this is 
my apprentice, Darth Paul. (Paul just glares at Sandi and Tiffany) He will
find your lost ship. (they disappear)

SANDI: Whoa, now there's like two of them.

TIFFANY: Heinous..............

(Cut to a shot of the queen's room on the ship.)

ERIC: A good little droid, your highness. It saved the ship, as well as our 
lives.

MARIANNE: What is it's number?

ERIC: (reading the inscription) R-Ted-D-Ted.

AMY-WON: (deadpan) Nice number.............

MARIANNE: Helen! Clean this droid up as best you can. It deserves our 
gratitude.

AMY-WON: (smirking) Careful where you touch him, he might expect you to put 
out later.........

ELLI-GON: You're highness, we have to stop for repairs on Tatooine.

ERIC: I disagree with the Cynic about this................

ELLI-GON: Who's the hero in this story? (pause) Thought so.

(Cut to Helen cleaning up the droid. Ra-Ra enters)

RA-RA: Hi!

Helen: Oh, hello.

RA-RA: Who are you?

HELEN: I'm Helen.

RA-RA: I'm Ra-Ra Binks!

HELEN: You're a cheerleader, aren't you?

RA-RA: (picks up her pompoms) How'd you know?

HELEN: (sighs) Lucky guess. So how did you end up here with us?

RA-RA: Well first there were these really mean droids and this Cynic came 
running at me.............

(Screen goes black. Caption appears: 33 hours later. Screen returns with Helen
asleep on the table)

RA-RA: And that's how I got here.

HELEN: (yawning) That's *fascinating*. I have to go............

(Cut to a shot of the surface of Tatooine. The Naboo cruiser lands there. 
Elli-Gon addresses Amy-Won)

ELLI-GON: All right. I'll take R-Ted and his readouts of the parts we need 
into the spaceport. You stay here and guard the queen................I sense a
disturbance in the sarcasm.............

AMY-WON: I sense it too. But won't the spaceport be dangerous?

ELLI-GON Yes, why?

AMY-WON: Shouldn't you take a certain airheaded cheerleader with you to take 
some of the lumps?

ELLI-GON: You just don't want her here with you.................

AMY-WON All right, I admit it. PLEASE, take her with you, master!

ELLI-GON: All right. Maybe we'll get lucky and some intergalactic trucker will
mistake her for a lunch special. Don't let them send any transmissions.

(Cut to the exterior of the ship. Elli-Gon, Ra-Ra, and R-Ted are heading into 
the spaceport. when Eric and Helen approach them)

ERIC: The Queen orders you to take her handmaiden with you.

ELLI-GON: I've already got someone who needs baby-sitting (points to Ra-Ra)
..............can't take more.

ERIC: The Queen wishes it. She's curious about the planet.

ELLI-GON: Well, it's sand. Sand all around and a few buildings. She's not 
missing anything.

HELEN: I'm going to the spaceport with or without you...................

ELLI-GON: All right. Stay close. This place is going to be rough.

(Cut to a shot of Mos Eisley spaceport. Elli-Gon and company enter and look 
for a parts shop)

ELLI-GON: Let's try this place first.

(They enter a small shop where a boy version of Jake is seen cleaning the 
counter.)

JAKE: Sure, you spill one can of oil, and the old man makes you pay for weeks!
(sees the group who just entered) Oh, Hi. Welco...............

(Enter Mad Dog)

MAD DOG: BOY! WHO ARE YOU TALKING TO THIS TIME?!

JAKE: (visibly frightened) Uh, some customers! I was greeting them, just like 
you told me! I was good! Please don't hit me!

MAD DOG: (Sees the stunned look on Elli-Gon and Helen's faces) Ha ha ha! The 
kid is such a kidder! (ruffles his hair a bit then knocks him in the shoulder)
(pointedly) Aren't you, Jake?

JAKE: Yes, sir. (goes back to his scrubbing)

ELLI-GON: I need parts for a Noobian type cruiser. My droid has a readout of 
everything I need.

MAD DOG: All right. Let's go out back and see if I have what you need.

HELEN: I think I'll stay here.

RA-RA: I'll go with you!

ELLI-GON: Um, no. Uh..............(points to some junk droids) Look, 
Ra-Ra...........shiny object!

RA-RA: (Stares at the droid) Wow................

ELLI-GON: (To Mad Dog) That oughtta keep her busy for a few hours. Let's go.

(They exit. All the while, Jake stares at Helen and can't take his eyes off 
her)

JAKE: Wow...........Are you a "girl"?

HELEN: (suprised) What?

JAKE: My dad sent me to military school to be a pilot when I was 2. I've heard
some of the guys talk about "girls" They're the most beautiful creatures in
the universe.............

HELEN: (Blushing, flattered) What a strange boy.................you've never 
seen a girl before?

JAKE: No. What is it about girls that makes them different?

HELEN: (uncomfortable, looking to change the subject) So, you're a pilot?

JAKE: Yeah! Someday, I'm gonna fly away from this place, this dump, this life 
of a slave, and that miserable excuse of a father! YOU HEAR THAT, OLD MAN?!
I'M GONNA...............

HELEN: Slow down. You're a slave?

JAKE: I'm a person, and my name is Jake!

HELEN: Oh, sorry. On my planet slavery is illegal. I'm Helen. (they shake 
hands)

(Cut to the junkyard)

MAD DOG: A new Hyper Drive? That's gonna cost you a pretty penny. You may as 
well buy a new ship.............

ELLI-GON: Not really. It's not my ship, and I'm not spending my money.

MAD DOG: (chuckling) That's a good way to go, so who's money will you be 
spending?

ELLI-GON: I have 20,000 Republic credits from the Chancellor himself.

MAD DOG: Credits? Republic Credits are no good out here!

ELLI-GON: (waves her hand) Credits will do fine...............

MAD DOG: No, they won't!

ELLI-GON: (waves her hand) Credits WILL do fine............

MAD DOG: No, they WON'T! Are you trying to use the Force or something, or are 
you just messing with me?! I don't have time for tricks. No money, no parts,
END OF STORY!

(ELLI-GON frowns and leaves. She doesn't look at her companions as she marches
out of the shop)

ELLI-GON: We're leaving. 

(Helen turns to follow)

HELEN: It was nice meting you, Jake.

JAKE: Yeah, nice meeting you, too

RA-RA: Shiny...............

ELLI-GON: Ra-Ra!

RA-RA: Coming.

(The 4 of them leave. Jake looks after them till Mad Dog enters)

MAD DOG: Bunch of Republic bums.................

JAKE: They seemed OK to me...............especially her.............

MAD DOG: Her? So, you were messing with a girl when you're supposed to be 
cleaning this place up!

JAKE: No, just talking, honest!

MAD DOG: Go home, till I can think of a good punishment for you!

JAKE: (gulps) yes, sir............

(Cut to a shot of outside the shop Elli-Gon is talking with Amy-Won on a 
communicator)

AMY-WON: Hmm. They don't take credits, eh? Looks like we're not popular 
anywhere in this galaxy.

ELLI-GON: Yeah, but I'm sure something will turn up. You're not letting them 
call anyone, are you? The last thing we need is to be traced.

AMY-WON: Well, it's not easy to keep a teenage royal off the phone, but I've 
been able to so far, don't know how long that will last, though.

ELLI-GON: (Sees Ra-Ra being flirted with by various creatures) Well, at least 
you don't have any cheerleaders to deal with, see you later. (turns off the
communicator)

(Jake walks by and is spotted by Elli-Gon)

JAKE: That miserable son of a..........., all I did was talk to a girl and now
I............

ELLI-GON: Hey, isn't that the kid from the shop?

HELEN: Yes, it is. (calling) Jaaaaaaaaake?

JAKE: Huh? Oh, hi Helen!

HELEN: Where are you off to? 

JAKE: Oh, home. Old man sent me home for talking to a girl, why if he wasn't 
so big, I'd..........

ELLI-GON: That's pretty rough. Hope he's not too rough on you.

(sandstorm begins to blow in)

JAKE: Yes! The old man will be caught in the storm and will have to stay the 
night at the shop!

HELEN: Won't he still punish you when he gets back home?

JAKE: Hell, no! He'll get sloppy drunk tonight and by tomorrow, he'll forget 
all about it!

ELLI-GON: (gets a disgusted look on her face) That's a relief................

JAKE: You guys have a place to hide from the storm?

HELEN: Our ship. On the outskirts.

JAKE: You'll never make it in time. You'd better come to my place.

ELLI-GON: (smirking) Sure, he's never seen a girl and already he's inviting 
them to his place.............the kid learns fast.

JAKE: Huh? What do you mean?

ELLI-GON: I could be wrong, though.

(Cut to a shot of Jake's house. It looks more like a barracks. A very cramped 
room with a set of bunk beds, and a few chairs.)

JAKE: Well, we have some time to kill. Helen, wanna go to my room?

ELLI-GON: This boy is REALLY learning fast..................

JAKE I'll show you this droid I built.

ELLI-GON: You built a droid by yourself?

JAKE: That's not the half of it. I'm building a pod racer. I'll show it to you
after the storm............

HELEN: It's amazing. How can such a small boy have the fortitude to accomplish
so much?

JAKE: I needed to devote myself to something. Something to replace the black 
void of a lack of a father's love! No! No playing ball in the yard for little
Jakey! Oh, no! Only.......

ELLI-GON: I'd say THAT much anger and resentment could fuel this kid to build 
the pyramids..............

JAKE: Come on. I'll show you 3PO.

(Cut to a shot of Jake's room. A gold colored droid with brown pigtails is 
there in a reclined position. Jake pulls one of the pigtails and the droid
springs to life)

Stacy: Oh, Hi. I'm Stacy-3PO.

JAKE: She's a protocol droid. She can understand most any language.

(R-Ted begins beeping incoherently)

ELLI-GON: He does that a lot. Can she tell us what he's trying to say?

Stacy: He said something about "gum". What's that?

(R-Ted beeps some more and Stacy-3PO listens)

JAKE: I tried to make her a girl using what I learned at the military academy.
(looks at Helen.) Did I get it right?

(Stacy 3PO perks up)

Stacy: I'm NAKED?! (begins hyperventilating)

ELLI-GON: Well, you got the "female modesty" part right.

JAKE: You're a Cynic Knight, aren't you?

ELLI-GON: Why do you think that?

JAKE: Only Cynic Knights use dry wit like that.

ELLI-GON: No fooling you, kid. OK We're on a secret mission to Courasant. The 
fate of an entire planet rests on it.

JAKE: Cool! So............what are you doing here?

HELEN: Our ship was damaged and we had to land here.

JAKE: Hey! I can fix it!

ELLI-GON: I doubt you could without a new hyper drive.

HELEN: And no dealers take Republic credits.

JAKE: I know! You could bet for the parts in tomorrow's Pod races!

ELLI-GON: Hmm. That might work. But who would we bet on?

JAKE: Me!

HELEN: YOU race pods? Isn't that dangerous?

JAKE: oh......yeah. But my father makes me do it. If Mad Dog Skywalker can 
race pods, so can little Jakey. Dammit! Why can't he just let me be who I am?!

HELEN: all right, Jake......calm down.

ELLI-GON: Hmm..........that seething resentment can be a powerful 
ally..............all right! Let's do it!

(Cut to a shot of the parts store the next day. Elli-Gon is again on the 
communicator)

AMY-WON: Are you serious?! You're gonna bet the ship on this kid?

ELLI-GON: Well, it's not our ship. Besides, if there's even a chance we can 
get out of here and get away from Ra-Ra, it's well worth the risk.

AMY-WON: You've got a point. Hope you know what you're doing...............

ELLI-GON: Yeah, something wild, crazy, and in all probability will fail.

AMY-WON: You're not using the Sarcasm now, are you?

ELLI-GON: Nope................talk to you later.

(Elli-Gon switches off the communicator and enters the shop)

MAD DOG: So, you want to sponsor the boy in today's race? (chuckles) Not with
credits, I hope.

ELLI-GON: No, I'm putting my ship up as the entry fee.

MAD DOG: Hmm.............not a bad idea. (looks at Jake)  You gonna ride that 
piece of junk you've been building? (laughs and punches him in the shoulder)

JAKE: Piece of junk?! Why you.......(Elli-Gon stops him)

ELLI-GON: Save it for the race, Jake. So, you put up the cash for the entry. 
If Jake wins, you keep all the winnings and give me the parts I need. If he
loses, you keep my ship. Deal?

MAD DOG: (thinks for a moment) Sure! 

(Elli-Gon leaves)

MAD DOG: (Grinning evilly at Jake) heh heh............you're gonna be a good 
boy and finish 2nd behind me...............like last time, right Jakey?

(Jake grumbles but doesn't respond. Mad Dog laughs and knocks Jake in the 
shoulder again)

(Cut to the pod garage where the racers are getting their pods ready. Helen, 
Elli-Gon, Jake, Stacy-3PO, R-Ted, and Ra-Ra are gathered around Jake's pod)

HELEN: So, Jake. Have you ever won a race?

JAKE: well.........no.

HELEN: Not even finished?

JAKE: Sure I have! I always finish 2nd..................behind him! (points to
Mad dog and his pod)

ELLI-GON: (suspicious) Really. That wouldn't have anything to so with the fact
he intimidates you and literally owns you, would it?

JAKE: (nervously) Uh, no. heh heh. He just beats me everytime.

ELLI-GON: All right, Jake. I'll make you a deal...............you win, and you
can come with us to Courasant. You never have to see your father again.

JAKE: (brightens) Really?! (Looks solemn again) But he owns me as a 
slave..........how will you get ownership from him?

ELLI-GON: Leave that to me. (smirks)

(Cut to a shot of Courasant where Rita and Darth Paul are talking)

PAUL: Tatooine is sparsely populated. I should find them quickly.

RITA: Move against the Cynics first. Once they're out of the way, you should 
have no trouble capturing the Queen.

PAUL: Why do you always order me around like that?

(Rita stands with her back to the camera. She opens her robe to Paul)

RITA: You want some of this or not?

PAUL: Yes, master!

RITA Then get going!

(Cut back to Tatooine. Elli-Gon walks over to Mad Dog who is getting ready)

MAD DOG: Oh, it's you. Have your ship ready after the race.

ELLI-GON: Well, aren't we confident? What makes you think Jake won't win?

MAD DOG: Because I always win! (laughs)

ELLI-GON: Care to back that up with a little wager?

MAD DOG: Sure. What are the stakes? You've already bet your ship. What else 
have you got?

ELLI-GON: (thinks for a moment) I bet..............her!(points at Ra-Ra)

MAD DOG: A slave for a slave? Hmm..........I don't know. Jake is valuable. 
What can she do?

ELLI-GON: Ra-Ra! Show the nice betting man what you can do!

RA-RA: OK! (starts jumping up and down, shaking her pompoms) Gimme a "B"! 
Gimme an "E"! Gimme a "T"! What does it spell?! BET! BET! Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
GAMBLING!

(Mad dog has been staring at Ra-Ra's oversized chest throughout the entire 
cheer and is visibly drooling.)

MAD DOG: DEAL! (smiles knowingly at Jake) I think this will work out well.

(Elli-Gon goes back to Jake's pod)

ELLI-GON: All right, Jake. It's settled. If you win, I'll win you from Mad 
Dog.

JAKE: All right. Being your slave will be a hell of a lot better than being 
his.

HELEN: Now, wait a minute! Slavery is wrong. It's demeaning!

ELLI-GON: Hmm.............you're right. Jake if you win, I'll give you your 
freedom if you repair our ship. Deal?

JAKE: You mean I'll be free?! Free to do whatever I want?!

ELLI-GON: Yes...............if you win.

JAKE: (glares at Mad Dog) You're going down, old man...................

(Cut to a shot of the starting line. Where various pods are waiting to start. 
Mad Dog approaches Jake.)

MAD DOG: All right, my boy. Just like last week, you run out front, then I'll 
run all the other pods off course and you graciously let me pass you. (glares
at him) DON'T be a hero.........

(Mad Dog walks and Jake looks scared for a moment. Elli-Gon approaches)

ELLI-GON: Hmm. Are you sure you're a boy?

JAKE: What do you mean?

ELLI-GON: You don't seem to have any balls................

(Jake looks furious.)

ELLI-GON: You let him intimidate you with just a few words. Now you have a 
chance to be rid of him for good, and you're about to wet your pants. I must
have been out of my mind to think you had the guts to help us. Well, my
friends and I will find a nice cave and live with some tusken raiders. You
have a nice life of slavery with your Dad, Jake..............(walks off) See
ya.............(Elli-Gon smirks as she walks away)

(Jake is beet red. He looks as though he's about to go postal. He hops in his 
pod and turns it on)

JAKE: Let's get it on!

(Just then Axl the Hut appears in the high Balcony. If you need a picture. 
Think of Jabba the hut with some tattoos and a nose ring.)

AXL: Start the race!

(A green light appears over the starting line and the pods rocket off. Jake 
weaves his way through the traffic working his way out front.)

JAKE: GAH! DAMN ROAD HOGS! MOVE, YOU RECKLESS BASTARD!

(Jake searches his controls desperately. After a moment, he smiles as a button
appears, he slams it and a piercing horn sounds)

JAKE: Found it! (honks) GET THE HELL OUT OF THE WAY! (honks again) DAMMIT!
STUPID MOTHER.............

(Jake weaves around the last pod and finds himself in the lead after the first
lap. Mad dog is in the back and starts moving up, slamming all the other pods
off course and out of the race as he goes)

(The others watch the race from the stands)

HELEN: ooh, I wish we could do something to help.

RA-RA: We can! (readies her pompoms) Gimma a "J" Gimme a.............

(Elli-Gon ignites her lightsabre and hold it to Ra-Ra's neck)

ELLI-GON: It'll almost be worth it..................if Jake loses...........

(Cut to a shot of Darth Paul looking at data his probes have given him. Out of
boredom he turns on a TV monitor)

PAUL: Where the hell are they? They're only a few settlements..........

TV: And Skywalker is still out front.

(Paul looks at the TV screen and sees Elli-Gon in the stands)

PAUL: Ahh................

(Meanwhile, the remaining 3 pods race by, completing the 2nd lap. Jake has a 
sizable lead. Mad Dog and the other racer are nearly neck and neck)

JAKE: (thought VO) 1 more lap, and you'll never have to see that loathsome, 
selfish, alcoholic son of a bitch again!

MAD DOG: (thought VO) That kid is way too far in front. What's he doing? 
Doesn't he know that if he wins, I'll whip him to a..................(realizes
what happens if Jake wins) Oh, damn!

(Mad Dog runs the opposing pod into a rock wall and floors it, trying 
desperately to catch Jake. It takes quite awhile, but near the end of the last
lap, Mad Dog has nearly caught up)

MAD DOG: JAKE! SLOW DOWN, BOY!

JAKE: NEVER! I'M GONNA BEAT YOU ONCE AND FOR ALL, OLD MAN!

(Mad Dog pulls alongside Jake, Jake responds by sideswiping him.)

JAKE: THAT'S FOR MILITARY SCHOOL! (slams Mad Dog again) THAT'S FOR NEVER
PLAYING CATCH WITH ME! (Slams him one last time, sending his pod into a wall,
Mad Dog is thrown from his pod to the sand.) AND THAT'S FOR TREATING ME LIKE A
SLAVE, INSTEAD OF A SON, YOU HEARTLESS BASTARD!

(Jake crosses the finish line and is declared the winner. That's 
easy........he's the only one to finish. Later, in the garage. The group is
celebrating the win.)

RA-RA: Great going, Jake! Hey, Elli-Gon, you won Jake's freedom! What did you 
use to cover the bet?

ELLI-GON: (smirking) Your pompoms.

RA-RA: EEP!

(Mad Dog enters, looking furious. He rushes towards Jake, with his hands out, 
ready to strangle him. Elli-Gon readies her lightsabre and uses it to shield
Jake)

ELLI-GON: Keep your damn hands off my slave!

MAD DOG: It was not a fair bet! You knew he was going to win 
somehow............

ELLI-GON: You're right. (looks at the camera) I read the script. You think I 
would bet on this basket case of a kid if I wasn't certain he'd win? (looks
back at Mad Dog) Here, take the pod, take the money, give us the damn hyper
drive, and we'll be on our way.

(Cut to a shot of the ship. Amy-Won is waiting for the others to return. 
Finally, the party approaches and Ra-Ra rushes past her to get on board)

RA-RA: Eww, I'm all sweaty.............I need a shower.

(R-Ted and Stacy-3PO pass by, R-Ted is beeping)

Stacy: What is this "gum" you keep talking about?

(Soon all are aboard but Elli-Gon, she approaches the ship, when the cloaked 
figure of Darth Paul lunges at her, lightsabre ready.)

ELLI-GON: Jake, tell them to take off! (To Darth Paul) A black robe in the 
desert? You must be burning up............

(Darth Paul fans himself for a moment, Elli-Gon take advantage of his 
distraction and kicks him in the balls. While he's on the ground she leaps
onboard the ship)

AMY-WON: What happened?

ELLI-GON: (deadpan) Oh, you know. Pod races, slave liberation, robed psychos. 
Same old thing.

AMY-WON: I see. (looks at Jake) And I see you've adopted a son.

JAKE: Wow! More sarcastic wit! Are you a Cynic Knight, too?

(Amy-Won nods)

ELLI-GON: Jake Skywalker, meet Amy-Won Kenobi.

JAKE: (grinning stupidly) Wussup?

AMY-WON: (deadpan) Charmed.

(Cut to a shot of Jake sitting in a seat, shivering like mad. Helen enters and
sees him.)

HELEN: Are you all right?

JAKE: Cold.........damn cold!

HELEN: (Reaching for a blanket, wrapping it around him) Well, you're from a 
warm planet, Jake.

(Jake just stares at her.)

HELEN: Are you homesick?

JAKE: Hell, no! I'd rather freeze here then go back. I don't miss that 
miserable son of a..........

HELEN: Calm down, Jake! If you don't learn to relax, you're gonna have a heart
attack before too long..............

(Helen takes Jake's hand and holds it for a moment. They simply stare at each 
other. Elli-Gon and Amy-Won have watched this little scene. Elli-Gon looks in
deep thought. Amy-Won just looks disgusted.)

AMY-WON: Aren't they a little young to be so touchy-feely?

ELLI-GON: I feel a Vergence in the Sarcasm..................

AMY-WON: A virgin? This conversation is getting too perverted............

ELLI-GON: No, no. A vergence...............this event holds great 
importance............

AMY-WON: A couple of mushy kids holds great importance?

ELLI-GON: You never know...............they won't be kids forever, you know. I
have a feeling they'll get more touchy feely in the years to come.............

AMY-WON: Ick. Don't go there................

(Cut to a shot of Naboo Palace Sandi and Tiffany are evaluating a few of the 
captured.)

SANDI: Like, why are you wearing a robe that comes all the way to your toes?

TIFFANY: Really..............you can't match it with shoes if they're 
covered...........

SANDI: God, and the "Queen" can't even see that her people are dressed 
fashionably.

TIFFANY: Yeah, how'd she get to be in charge, anyway?

(Cut to a shot of Courasant. The queen's ship is landing. Chancellor O'Neill 
and Senator Rita Palpatine are waiting for it. The party disembarks and are
greeted.)

RITA: I'm glad to see you're safe, Queen Barksdale. Allow me to introduce 
Supreme Chancellor O'Neill.

O'Neill: Welcome, your highness. I know you've been through a lot. so if you 
want to talk about your feelings, don't hesitate to call me.

MARIANNE: I DO want to talk about my feelings. but to the Senate.

O'Neill: Of course. I've already called the Senate for a session today. This 
way, please.

(All follow the chancellor inside, except the two Cynic Knights)

ELLI-GON: We need to speak with the Cynic Council. The excrement has really 
hit the cooling device.................(looks at the camera) I have to say it
the nice way. This has to stay PG-13.

(Cut to a shot of the Cynic temple. It's not really a temple. It's a glorified
Pizzeria. Inside seats the cynic Council. they are only there for decoration,
as the only ones listening to Elli-Gon and Amy-Won are Mistress Barch, and
Master Yo-Duh)

YO-DUH: Yo!

AMY-WON: We came to talk with you.

YO-DUH: Duh!

ELLI-GON: (smirking at Amy-Won) You're still falling for the classics, young 
smartass.

AMY-WON: (glaring back) At least I'm not the one saying the Sarcasm is full of
virgins........

BARCH: Virgins?

ELLI-GON: No, not virgins, mistress. But I have been attacked by a mysterious 
cynic.

YO-DUH: Huh? Make fun of each other, we do. Attack each other, we do not.

ELLI-GON: It was not a cynic. but he was well trained in the Sarcastic arts.

BARCH: "he"? I knew it! Those lying, cheating, miserable wastes of life are 
attacking!

YO-DUH: Relax you must, Mistress Barch. Today, did your medication, you take?

BARCH: No.

ELLI-GON: My only explanation is that it was a Sellout Lord................

BARCH: But they've been extinct for more than 1000 years.............

YO-DUH: Ahh, Hard to see, the conformist side is.................

BARCH: Then we must use all our resources to discover the identity of this 
evil "man"! we'll hunt him down, beat him senseless, then take a knife and cut
off his..............

YO-DUH: Need to hear this, we do not! Now, Mistress Elli-Gon, more to say have
you?

ELLI-GON: About what?

AMY-WON: You know, the virgins.

ELLI-GON: Vergence! I believe I have felt a Vergence in the Sarcasm. Around a 
boy. His bitter feelings of resentment are stronger then I've felt in any
lifeform.

YO-DUH: Ahh, but more than resentment, he needs..............

ELLI-GON: I request he be tested.

YO-DUH: Trained as a Cynic, you request.

ELLI-GON: Of course. Would I have even brought it up if I wasn't going to ask 
he be trained?

(Cut to a shot of the Queen's chamber. She is talking with Rita.)

RITA: Honestly, the Republic is not what it was. Everything is all 
touchy-feely. Political correctness has swept through the Senate.

MARIANNE: Chancellor O'Neill seems to think there is hope.

RITA: The Chancellor has little real power. He's to in touch with his 
"feelings" to have power over the squabbling bureaucrats. You could call for a
vote of no-confidence in his leadership.............

MARIANNE: He's been our strongest supporter. Why would I do that?

RITA: Oh, purely for the interest of Naboo. It's not like I want you to do it 
to get rid of him, so I can replace him then rule the galaxy with an iron fist
of tyranny.............(starts laughing then cackling)

(Cut to a shot of the room next door. Jake enters)

JAKE: Helen? Helen? (looks around, notices a closed door with water running 
heard in the background. Jake goes to the door and opens it without knocking)
Helen, are you in he.............

(Sound of Helen screaming is heard as Jake looks stunned, he quickly closes 
the door)

JAKE: So, THAT'S what makes girls different.............Wow! (To the door) 
Listen Helen, I'm on my way to the Cynic temple, to start my training, I hope.
And I don't know if I'll ever see you again, so I just came to say good-bye.

HELEN: (Through the door) Don't be so melodramatic, Jake. Of course we'll see 
each other again.

JAKE: (grinning goofily) I hope so................Wow!

HELEN: (Obviously angry) Didn't you say you had to be somewhere?!

JAKE: Oh, right! See you later, I guess.

(Cut to the Senate. The issue of the Naboo invasion is being discussed.)

O'Neill: The chair recognizes the Senator from the sovereign state of Naboo.

RITA: Thank you, chancellor. Members of the Senate. A tragedy has occurred. 
Naboo has been invaded by the overzealous and self-important Fashion
Federation for no other reason that we are not attractive and popular enough
for them.

O'Neill: That is a serious accusation. What have the Senators from the Fashion
Federation to say in their defense?

(No response. Everyone looks over at the Federation's seat and see it is 
empty. Just then someone hands O'Neill a note. He reads it aloud)

O'Neill: "Dear members of the senate, or whatever. Can't make the Senate 
meeting. Sale at Cashman's" Oh, no! Now what will we do?

MARIANNE: You revoke their funding for breaking the Senate's laws, of course!

O'Neill: Now, now. Queen Barksdale. That is a serious punishment. And all 
they're accused of is invading a planet, enslaving it's people and murdering
anyone who resists. Do we really want to punish them that much?

MARIANNE: YES!

O'Neill: Now, now. When someone hurts us, how does hurting them back really 
help?

MARIANNE: It'll get our planet back, for one thing!

O'Neill: Well, we don't even know if they really did it. We should defer until 
the Fashion Federation delegate returns so they have a fair chance to defend
themselves.

MARIANNE: I don't believe this! We have eyewitnesses! Recordings! There is a
blockade circling the planet! Do you really need any more evidence?!

O'Neill: Well, I can't punish them without hearing their side of the 
story........it's just rude.

MARIANNE: You want rude?! Here's rude! (speaking to the entire Senate) I CALL 
FOR A VOTE OF NO CONFIDENCE IN CHANCELLOR O'Neill'S LEADERSHIP!

(The crowd roars in approval. Apparently they need no time to think about 
their vote and vote unanimously to remove him from office. O'Neill's lip
quivers as the votes are tallied, then breaks down in tears)

O'Neill: (sobbing) I was only trying to be fair to everyone...................

(Cut to an arcade near the Cynic Pizzeria. Elli-Gon is playing a game while 
Amy-Won watches)

AMY-WON: The boy will not pass the test, master.

ELLI-GON: Will you quit distracting me?!

AMY-WON: (smirks) He is not cynical enough.

ELLI-GON: Surely you can feel his resentment.

AMY-WON: That won't be enough to impress the council.

ELLI-GON: Nothing impresses the council............... 

(Cut to the Cynic Pizzeria. Jake is being tested by Mistress Barch. She holds 
a picture so that Jake cannot see it.)

BARCH: All right, what's this one?

JAKE: How the hell should I know? I can't see it!

(Barch gives YO-DUH an approving nod.)

JAKE: So, was that.........

BARCH: Quiet, male!

JAKE: I'll be good!

YO-DUH: How feel you?

JAKE: (Sniffs and smells the pizza) Hungry!

YO-DUH: Good..................afraid, are you?

JAKE: (looks and sees Barch glaring at him) Very..............She gives me 
that same look my father did, why that miserable, selfish, old.............

BARCH: Quiet, chauvinist scum!

JAKE: Yipe!

YO-DUH: (To Barch) More resentful than even you, he is! I sense much resent in
him........ (Cut to the Queen's room Marianne gazes out the window as Ra-Ra
approaches)

RA-RA: Are you sad?

MARIANNE: Of course I am! Our planet has been invaded! You should be sad, too!

RA-RA: You mean those droid thingies are gonna take over Lawndale High, too?!

MARIANNE: That's what invaders do..............

RA-RA: No way! We've got a great football team! We won't go down without a 
fight!

(Rita and Eric enter)

ERIC: Good news! Senator Palpatine has been nominated to succeed Supreme 
Chancellor O'Neill!

RITA: (chuckling) I'm quite suprised...............(getting serious) I WILL be
chancellor........

MARIANNE: By the time you have the Senate under control, there will be nothing
left of our people or way of life.............

RITA: Well, there is nothing we can do right now, the Fashion Federation has 
control of our planet.............

MARIANNE: I've had enough of this political garbage! I'm going back to
Naboo........Captain! Ready my ship!

RITA: Back? But, your majesty, be realistic, they'll capture you and force you
to sign some treaty to make their invasion legal! Hmm............a treaty.
That might not be a bad idea.......

MARIANNE: What did you say?

RITA: Oh, nothing. Go ahead back to Naboo, your majesty.............(starts 
her laugh-build-to cackle routine)

(Cut back to the Cynic Pizzeria. Elli-Gon and Amy-Won are with Jake, being 
addressed by Barch and Yo-Duh. Barch is still glaring at Jake, while Yo-Duh
talks in between paint stokes)

YO-DUH: The Sarcasm is strong with him..............

ELLI-GON: He is to be trained, then?

YO-DUH: Let me think...........................no

ELLI-GON: No? Why?

BARCH: Because he's a MAN! Why do you think?

ELLI-GON: Fine, I'll just go over your heads. I'll train him!

YO-DUH: Um......how?

ELLI-GON: I take Jake................as my smartass learner.

YO-DUH: An apprentice you have, Elli-Gon. impossible, to take on a second.

BARCH: The code forbids it!

YO-DUH: (Looking up from her painting) A code, have we?

BARCH: We do now!

ELLI-GON: Amy-Won is ready.

AMY-WON: I am ready to face the trials..............

YO-DUH: You? Ready for High School, are you?

AMY-WON: (Shuddering) Y-yes. I'm ready.

BARCH: We don't have time for this!

AMY-WON: (looking at her watch) Got a hot date?

BARCH: No, the senate is voting for a new Chancellor, and Queen Barksdale is 
returning home. This can draw out that no-good, cheating MAN who attacked you!
Go with her to Naboo and kill.............I mean, capture him!

YO-DUH: May the Sarcasm be with you...................

(Elli-Gon, Amy-Won and Jake leave.)

(Cut to the Naboo Palace. Sandi and Tiffany are addressing Darth Hideous, aka 
Rita.)

SANDI: Like, our droids have taken over. we're in total control of the planet.

RITA: Good. I'm sending my apprentice, Darth Paul, to join you................

(Rita's image fades)

TIFFANY: That guy in all black? Eww...............

SANDI: Really, we need to get him a better outfit................

(Cut to the launching platform on Courasant. Amy-Won and Elli-Gon are talking 
while watching Helen and Jake arrive)

AMY-WON: I'm telling you, he's dangerous. He is resentful enough, but is 
entirely unrealistic. What do you expect him to do, anyway.

ELLI-GON: I sense his child will be the one who brings balance to The Sarcasm.
Sarcastic, Snide, and brutally realistic.

AMY-WON: I can see that...................but he could also father an 
attractive, popular, conformist child...............

ELLI-GON: (Looking at the camera) That's called "Allusion", kids. (Turns to 
Amy-Won) Says who?

AMY-WON: Says me.

ELLI-GON: Yeah?! Well, who's the master?

AMY-WON: Sho 'nuff!

ELLI-GON: I've had enough of your snide attitude, now get on board!

AMY-WON: Yes, master................

(Amy-Won leaves and Jake enters)

JAKE: Elli-Gon, ma'am. I don't want to be any trouble.

ELLI-GON: Don't worry about it. Amy-Won is always rebellious like 
that..............

JAKE: I heard Master Yo-Duh talking about resentment. What's that?

ELLI-GON: Resentment is what fuels the Sarcasm. It allows us to be in touch 
with reality. Those with much resentment can master the Sarcasm, and become
great Cynic Knights. I'll tell you more on the way................

(They leave. Stacy-3PO and R-Ted enter with Ra-Ra)

RA-RA: We're going home! isn't it exciting?!

Stacy: No. I hate flying............... I'm staying here.

RA-RA: Oh, no! What about him? (points to R-Ted) how will we know what he's 
saying?

Stacy: That's why I'm not coming! All he talks about is "gum"! You won't miss
anything...............

RA-RA: Oh, OK. 

(Ra-Ra and R-Ted board, leaving Stacy-3PO behind. The cruiser rockets into 
space, heading back to Naboo.)

(Cut to shot of the Queen's room on board the cruiser. Elli-Gon and Captain 
Eric are addressing the Queen)

ERIC: As soon as we land, the Federation will arrest you.

ELLI-GON: For once, I agree. What are we going to fight the droid army with?

MARIANNE: A football team!

ELLI-GON: (deadpan) Of course, why didn't I think of that?

MARIANNE: Ra-Ra Binks.

RA-RA: Yes?

MARIANNE: I'll need your help..............

(Cut to a shot of the Naboo surface. Amy-Won approaches Elli-Gon)

AMY-WON: (awkwardly) Um................sorry about that stuff I said earlier.

ELLI-GON: No problem.

AMY-WON: Well, I shouldn't have challenged your authority like that 
master........

ELLI-GON: Amy-Won, the fact that you expressed your opinion even though you 
knew I would disagree with it only proves that you're ready...............I
think you'll be a great Cynic Knight.

AMY-WON: You mean I can skip the high school trial?!

ELLI-GON: Not that great...................

AMY-WON: Damn! Anyway, Ra-Ra is on her way to Lawndale.

(Ra-Ra enters)

RA-RA: No one's there. The place is deserted................

AMY-WON: Think they were wiped out?

RA-RA: what's today?

ELLI-GON: Friday.

RA-RA: Oh, I know where they are, then!

(Cut to a football stadium where all the residents of Lawndale are gathered.)

RA-RA: On Friday, there is a BIG pep rally before the game.

(DeMartino spots them)

DEMARTINO: Ra-Ra BINKS! What a delightful supRISE! To what do we owe the
UNIQUE pleasure?

RA-RA: You can't owe me for pleasure. I'm not that kind of girl!

KEVIN: You're not? Awww.............

RA-RA: I came to present Queen Barksdale of the Naboo.................

MARIANNE: I, uh...........wish to............

HELEN: Oh, to hell with it. We wish to form an alliance.

DEMARTINO: And just WHO are you?

HELEN: *I* am Queen Barksdale!

ELLI-GON: I wondered why she was so bossy.

JAKE: Wow! I saw a *Queen* naked.................

HELEN: Jake! (Points to Marianne) This is my decoy, my bodyguard. There are a 
lot of crazy people out there, so I need someone to take the fall.

MARIANNE: Hey! You said you wanted a break from ruling...............

HELEN: (sweetly) Oh, yes. That too, Marianne. Anyway, the Fashion Federation 
has destroyed everything we've worked for..............

KEVIN: We haven't worked.

HELEN: They are forcing their shallow values on us.

DEMARTINO: So we'll have to dress different, big deal.............

ELLI-GON: They kidnapped your mascot................

KEVIN: Fluffy?! WE HAVE TO GET THOSE BASTARDS!

(Crowd starts to get behind Kevin)

KEVIN: We have to kick their heads in!

(Crowd starts cheering)

KEVIN: I'm the QB!

(Crowd erupts)

ELLI-GON: (deadpan) That's the spirit...........

(Cut to a shot of the Naboo Palace. Tiffany and Sandi are speaking with Darth 
Hideous)

SANDI: We like found their ship out in the swamp.

RITA: So, why haven't you captured them?

TIFFANY: Us? In the swamp? We'll get mud all over our *good* 
sneakers..............

(Cut to a shot of the forest. Helen, Eric, Elli-Gon and Amy-Won are discussing
strategy)

ERIC: This football team doesn't stand a chance against the droid army.

HELEN: The battle is a distraction, while they're fighting, we can sneak into 
the Palace, enter the throne room, and capture the Viceroy.

AMY-WON: But won't many of the football players and cheerleaders be killed?

ELLI-GON: (smirking) Is there a problem with that?

ERIC: We have a plan for that. Once we're in, our pilots will take fighters 
and destroy the droid control ship.

AMY-WON: That sounds like a lot of special effects.................

(Cut to a shot of the Naboo Palace. Darth Hideous is again speaking with 
Sandi, Tiffany, and Paul.)

SANDI: Like it's just a bunch of football players.............

RITA: Hmm, still this isn't like her, she's too aggressive. Lord Paul, be 
mindful, let them make the first move.............

PAUL: But that Cynical bitch kicked me in the.................

(Rita interrupts him by waving her tongue at him in a sensual manner.)

PAUL: Yes, my master.............

(Rita's image fades and Paul leaves)

SANDI: That was disgusting............

TIFFANY: That was soooooooooooo wrong.

(Cut to a shot of the fields outside the Naboo Palace The vast droid army of 
the Fashion Federation had met the Lawndale High football team.)

KEVIN: All right, team. huddle up!

(The team gathers in a huddle as the droid tanks open fire. However, the shots
bounce harmlessly off the football player's heads)

(Meanwhile in the Palace, Helen, Jake, Elli-Gon, Eric, Amy-won and Eric's 
troops have infiltrated the Palace and make their way to the hangar. The
pilots board and streak towards the droid control ship.)

JAKE: (hiding in a fighter, R-Ted accompanies him) Mommy!

AMY-WON: (deadpan) Oh, yeah. He's gonna make a GREAT Cynic Knight.

(The rest take on the battle droids. After they are destroyed, the heroes walk
towards the door leading further into the Palace.)

JAKE: Hey, wait for me!

ELLI-GON: why? So you can hide again whenever there's trouble? No, keep hiding
here. It'll save all of us some time.

(The door slowly opens revealing Darth Paul.)

(Music: "Duel of the Fates" by John Williams.)

ELLI-GON: Well, well. If it isn't the Man in Black..............but where's 
Will Smith?

(Darth Paul responds by igniting a double-sided lightsabre)

AMY-WON: Hmm, looks like he's not much for small talk.

ELLI-GON: (To Helen) What is this a pay-per-view fight? Get to the throne 
room!

(Helen and her troops try to leave, but are cut off buy Upchuck droids)

UPCHUCK DROIDS: Hello, my lovely femme fatales...............

HELEN: Oh, no...............

(Jake sees this and is infuriated)

JAKE: Get away from her, dammit! (Slams his fist on the control panel, 
accidentally turns the engine on) Uh-oh............

UPCHUCK DROIDS: (Approaching Helen and her troops) Put your weapons down,
ladies, and I promise I'll be gentle............Roooooooowwwwwwlllllllll!

(Jake fiddles with the controls until he finds the weapon trigger)

JAKE: Take that! (Blasts one of the Upchuck droids) And that! And that and 
that and that!

MARIANNE: Wow.............I think he likes you, Helen...............

HELEN: Don't be ridiculous. I'm 16, he's only 10.

MARIANNE: Maybe he likes older women................

ERIC: Can we talk about this later, we have to get to the throne room.

(Cut to a shot of Jake's fighter)

JAKE: Dammit! How do I stop this thing?!

(R-Ted beeps incoherently, but he is plugged into the ship's computer, so Jake
can read what he's saying on his instruments)

JAKE: Gum?! No, we can't fly to the store and get gum! We have to get back to 
the Palace.

(R-Ted beeps some more)

JAKE: Auto pilot? Well, turn it off!

(Cut back to the fields. Obviously, not even all their weapons can hurt the 
football player's heads. So the droid foot soldiers are sent in)

KEVIN: (seeing the approaching droids) Ready, team?! Attack!

(Kevin finally uses his QB skills for something useful as he launches a 
football across the field. It strikes a droid, sending it flying backwards
into a few other droids, destroying them. A group of cheerleaders lead by
Ra-Ra are cheering them on.)

CHEERLEADERS: Gimme an "L", Gimme an "A" Gimme a...............

(Suddenly the group is blasted with a thermal detonator, sending the 
cheerleaders flying. Ra-Ra gets up, dazed)

RA-RA: Gimme...............a..............(passes out)

KEVIN: Babe! (Picks up the droid who threw the detonator) No one blows up my
girlfriend! DIE! (Throws the droid in to a group of others)

(Cut to a shot of the hangar. Amy-Won and Elli-Gon are dueling with Darth 
Paul.)

AMY-WON: Why does he fight us so damn hard? What did we do to him?

ELLI-GON: I sort of kicked him in the balls.............

AMY-WON: SORT OF?! How do you "sort of" kick a guy in the nuts?! You either 
do, or you don't! (To Darth Paul)

ELLI-GON: Tell him that.

AMY-WON: (To Darth Paul) Look, I have no reason to fight you. Mama always said
not to fight without a............

(Darth Paul silences Amy-Won with a kick to the gut, sending her flying. she 
gets up and glares at him)

AMY-WON: Mama said knock you out! ( she leaps back up to the platform Elli-Gon
and Darth Paul are on. But she becomes separated for them by energy barriers)

(Cut to a shot of Jake's fighter. It is honing in on the droid control ship. A
group of fighters closes in on Jake)

JAKE: Ahh! Leave me alone! It's the damn auto pilot!

(Jake is hit by enemy fire. His shields hold up, but Jake is still knocked 
silly by the impact. Jake hits his head and turns beet red again)

JAKE: Gahh! DAMMIT! R-TED! Kill this damn auto pilot! (Jake is given control 
of the craft) You sent them after me, didn't you old man! well it's not gonna
work! I'm free, dammit!

(Jake executes a skillful loop and gets behind his attackers, with deadly 
accuracy, he picks them off one by one)

JAKE: Ha ha! Who's next?! (spots the hangar where the enemy fighters are 
coming from) Hmm.............

(Jake hasn't time to think as he is hit from behind, his fighter is sent 
spiraling into the hangar where it skids to a stop.)

JAKE: Dammit! Nothing works..............(hits buttons and switches levers.)

(Cut to a shot of the palace. Helen and Marianne part ways.)

HELEN: Remember the plan................

MARIANNE: yes, your majesty.

(Helen walks up to the throne room and is immediately captured. she doesn't 
seem worried.)

(Cut to a shot of the fields where Kevin is talking with DeMartino)

KEVIN: What's the score, coach.

DEMARTINO: Kevin, is that tiny cluster of cells you call a BRAIN, comprehend 
what's going on?

KEVIN: Um...............

DEMARTINO: This is a war! Not a game, son! And we're getting our butts KICKED!

KEVIN: So................does this mean no party after?

DEMARTINO: VERY good, Kevin! Do us both a favor, see that crossfire of lasers 
over there?

KEVIN: Yeah!

DEMARTINO: Why don't YOU take a walk through it?!

KEVIN: No problem, coach!

(Cut to a shot of the inner Palace where Darth Paul, Elli-Gon, and Amy-Won are
all separated by energy walls. Elli-Gon in kneeling with her eyes closed and
Darth Paul glares at her.)

AMY-WON: Are you meditating or something?!

ELLI-GON: (Removes a pair of headphones) No, I'm trying to listen to my 
walkman, if you don't mind...............

(Elli-Gon starts to return the headphones when the energy walls fade. She and 
Darth Paul resume their fight. Amy-Won tries to join in, but is caught behind
the last wall and must watch...............)

ELLI-GON: So, what do you do when you're not attacking Cynical women like us?

(Darth Paul doesn't respond)

ELLI-GON: Whoa, you are pissed....................how long has it been since 
you've actually had sex?

(Darth Paul is furious, and without a word, disarms Elli-Gon with a skillful 
spin of his double lightsabre and stabs her in the chest...............)

AMY-WON: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

(Amy-Won watches in horror as her friend and mentor falls at Darth Paul's 
feet. Darth Paul looks at his fallen opponent, then at Amy-Won, a wicked grin
across his face.)

(Cut to a shot of the field where the football team is defeated and being 
rounded up by the battle droids)

DROID: Hands up!

RA-RA Oh, no! What'll we do?!

DEMARTINO: Ahh, Ra-Ra, We are out gunned, outnumbered and surrounded! What do
YOU think we should DO?!

RA-RA: (Twirls her hair with a finger) Give................up?

DEMARTINO: VERY good, Ra-Ra! (All put their hands up.)

(Cut to a shot of the Throne room where Helen is smirking at Sandi and 
Tiffany)

SANDI: All right, your little insurrection or whatever, is over.

HELEN: I don't think so..................

TIFFANY: And what are you gonna do?

HELEN: Sue you..................You see, in the Republic we have a delightful 
little thing called "litigation". I'll sue you, the Courts will have hearings,
motions, counter-motions, by the time the it's decided, you'll have spent so
much money on lawyers that you won't be able to update your wardrobes for
about...............20, 30 years............

SANDI: You wouldn't!

HELEN: (smirking) Watch me..............

TIFFANY: We don't believe you..............

HELEN: Well, then I'll just have to kill you. (To the hall) Marianne!

(Marianne enters and lays waste with her blaster.)

SANDI: Like, get her or something!

(All the battle droids chase Marianne and her group, leaving Sandi and Tiffany
alone with Eric and Helen. Helen retrieves 2 blasters from her throne and
points them at Sandi and Tiffany)

HELEN: Now, you can leave in peace, leave with a lawsuit, or leave in a 
baggy.............

(Cut to a shot of the control ship. Jake has finally got power back up. Once 
he does, he notices a flashing button)

JAKE: Wow...............neat! (pushes it. Two photon torpedoes shoot out and 
slam the main reactor) Uh...............oops! I think we should get out of
here, R-Ted!

(Jake bobs and weaves through the ship.)

JAKE: Where's the damn horn?!

(Jake flies out of the hangar just as the ship explodes)

JAKE: YAHOO! TAKE THAT, OLD MAN!

(R-Ted beeps)

JAKE: Yeah, I know he wasn't on the ship! Don't spoil a fantasy, 
R-Ted..........

(Cut to a shot of the fields where the droids suddenly go limp)

RA-RA: What's going on?

KEVIN: Maybe they're taking a nap...............

DEMARTINO: No! The droid control ship has been DEStroyed! LOOK!

(He knocks over a droid)

KEVIN: All right! Does that mean we won, coach?!

DEMARTINO: YES, Kevin! We won! And for the LAST time! I am NOT your coach!

KEVIN: Sorry, coach.

DEMARTINO: AHHHHHHHH!

(Ra-Ra pulls Kevin away before he is strangled by DeMartino)

RA-RA: Come on, babe! Let's go find a quiet spot 
and..............celebrate...........

KEVIN: All right! (To DeMartino) Later, coach!

(Cut to a shot of the inner Palace. Darth Paul paces about, looking at 
Amy-Won. Amy-Won has just glared at him, as if looking right through him)

AMY-WON: Your ass is *so* kicked!

(The energy wall dissipates and Amy-Won leaps to the attack. As she fights, 
she hears Elli-Gon's voice in her head.)

ELLI-GON: (memory VO) Use the sarcasm, Amy-Won.

AMY-WON: (To Darth Paul) Your shoe is untied.....................

(Darth Paul looks down and Amy-Won uses the distraction to slice his weapon in
half. Leaving him with a regular lightsabre. But, Darth Paul recovers and
kicks Amy-Won who stumbles backwards into a pit. She hangs on to a ledge for
dear life. Darth Paul stands over the pit, smiling triumphantly. Suddenly
Elli-Gon manages to roll over and speak.)

ELLI-GON: H......hey, look. 

(She starts opening her robe. Camera cuts to Paul's face to show he totally
entranced................Apparently, Elli-Gon has shown him more than Rita
has..............Camera remains on Paul's face (Hey this is PG-13) Also, 
Amy-Won is seen climbing out of the pit and sneaks up behind him, lightsabre
ready)

AMY-WON: Game over...............

(Darth Paul turns around just in time to be sliced in half by Amy-Won's 
lightsabre his two body parts fall down into the pit.)

AMY-WON: ...................but thank you for playing.

(She runs to Elli-Gon, who is covered enough for modesty's sake)

ELLI-GON: He got me.................

AMY-WON: No..............

ELLI-GON: Amy-Won.....................promise me you'll train the 
boy...............his child will be the "anti-social" one..................

AMY-WON: Why can't I just train his child, then?

ELLI-GON: (smirking) Look, I'm dying, can't you just agree to do everything I 
say, while I drag this Oscar scene out?

AMY-WON: (Smiles) Sorry. (Gets a sad, depressed look) Yes, 
master.....................

(Elli-Gon's body goes limp in Amy-Won's arms...........................)

(Cut to a shot of the terrace where Helen and Eric are seeing off Sandi and 
Tiffany)

HELEN: Now, Viceroy, you're going to have to explain your actions to the 
Senate.

SANDI: Oh, we'll just tell them we'll never do it again, and they'll let us 
off with a warning................

(Helen sighs, knowing how well the Fashion Federation can manipulate the 
Senate. As Sandi and Tiffany board, Newly elected Chancellor Palpatine exits
the ship.)

RITA: We are indebted to your bravery, Amy-Won Kenobi, and yours as well, 
young Skywalker..................we will watch your career with GREAT
interest. (starts laughing).

HELEN: Congratulations on winning the election, Chancellor.

RITA: It's you who should be congratulated, your Majesty.

HELEN: (feigning enthusiasm)No, you...........

RITA: (returning the false modesty) Oh no, you

AMY-WON: (To Eric) Are you sure they're not sisters?

(Cut to a shot of a room in the Palace. Amy-Won in kneeling before Yo-Duh, who
is, what else? Painting.)

AMY-WON: You were saying something?

YO-DUH: (looking up from her painting) Oh, yeah Um, bestow on you the level of
Cynic Knight, the council does. But, agree with your taking this boy as your
smartass learner, I do not..............

AMY-WON: Well, good thing for me I don't need you to agree with 
me............besides, Elli-Gon believes he will father the "anti-social"
one...........

YO-DUH: The "anti-social" one's father, he may be..................but I sense
great danger in his training................

AMY-WON: You do?

YO-DUH: No, I don't. Referring to the future, I was. A prequel, this 
is...................

AMY-WON: Oh yeah..................

YO-DUH: Very well......................your smartass apprentice, Skywalker 
shall be..............

(Cut to a shot of a funeral pyre burning. Nearly all the Lawndale football 
team and the residents of the Naboo Palace are there, along with Amy-Won,
Jake, Yo-Duh, and Mistress Barch.)

AMY-WON: (thought VO) Hypocrites.................They all called you a 
"brain", they always gave you crap about what we should do, even though you
came through for us, they didn't even want us to be seen with them in
public.................and now they're pretending to care at your funeral so
no one will think they're bad people..............you know, in a sadistic sort
of way, I'm glad you're not here to see this.................

(Amy-Won ignores all the condolences everyone is giving her. She is trying her
best not to cry. Jake approaches her and notices a single tear running down
her cheek. He just stands there with her for a moment before speaking to her.)

JAKE: What's going to happen to me now?

AMY-WON: (composes herself) If it were up to me, kid, I'd ship you back to 
Tatooine to live with your father...................

JAKE: Gah!

AMY-WON: But lucky for you, Elli-Gon made me promise to train you as a Cynic 
Knight as her dying wish...................so I guess I'm stuck with you.

(Further down the line Yo-Duh and Barch are talking)

BARCH: No doubt that the evil warrior was a MAN!

YO-DUH: Knew that already, we did...................

BARCH: Well, I guess he was a sellout, then.................

YO-DUH: Always two there are...............................the bossy shepard, 
and the conforming sheep................

BARCH: Hmm...........but which was destroyed?

(Cut to a shot of Rita)

RITA: (thought VO) That bitch, Amy-Won...................killing my apprentice
after I just whipped him into shape...................I'll show her, I'll
seduce HER apprentice into joining me to replace the one she killed!

(All the while she has been laughing louder and louder as she played this 
scenario through her head. Soon she leaves with a LOT of people staring her
way.)

AMY-WON: Hmm.............well maybe I'd cackle demonically too if I was just 
elected Supreme Chancellor....................but she needs to find a more
appropriate place to cackle............

(Cut to a shot of the terrace practically Everyone is there. Except Amy-Won 
and Jake. cut to a shot of Jake leaving)

AMY-WON: Where are you going?

JAKE: I was gonna go to the party................

AMY-WON: What have I told you? Cynic Knights don't go to parties where the 
only reason to party is to be seen and enhance popularity.............

JAKE: I know..............and I hate parades................but..........

AMY-WON: You're going to see Helen, aren't you?

JAKE: Yeah! My old man never let me see any girls! But I'm gonna show him! I'm
gonna..........

AMY-WON: All right, all right! I suppose that's a cynical enough reason to go,
you're excused, young smartass.

JAKE: Well, I suppose that's better than being a young dumbass................

(Jake runs off, Amy-Won considers Jake's comment and looks to the sky, 
speaking to Elli-Gon.)

AMY-WON: Perhaps there's hope for him after all....................(We hear 
Jake being slapped and Helen yelling at him incoherently)
Hmm................Maybe not.

(Credits roll)

OK, kids I know what you're thinking...................."How can you have a 
Daria fanfic without Daria?!" well relax, Daria was not in this because she
plays the all too important role of Daria Skywalker who does not appear till
episode IV. Also a lot of regulars were not in this one because I'm saving
them for the next 3 episodes of Cynic Wars.

Note: I really focused on Jake's resentment of his father. Since his father is
dead in the show, we will never get to see him have it out with him. So for
all those that want some resolution to that issue, I wrote the pod race for
you.

Coming soon:

Episode IV: A new state of hopelessness.
Episode V: The Popular strike back.
Episode VI: Return of the Cynic

Featuring these characters

Daria Skywalker
Trent Solo
Princess Quinn Morgana (NO! I already know what you Daria/Trent shippers are
    saying. And yes, I know I'm changing the storyline. Besides, Quinn is
    snotty and selfish enough to be a Princess.................
Darth Morgendorffer
Empress Palpatine
Chew-Mack-ca
Jesse Calrissian
Admiral Li
And all reprising chars from this fic
