Daria goes to a sleepover.

(Cut to see Jane and Daria on the phone.)

JANE: Yo?

DARIA: Hey… How are you… sleeping beauty’s sister?

JANE: Just fine… and you?

DARIA: Fine…

JANE: Oh… Daria… do you want to come over my house
tonight? I mean, sleep over my house?

DARIA: Huh? Okay, sounds cool!

JANE: Cool!

DARIA: I’m on my way…

JANE: ‘Kay…

(They hang up the phone. Daria is walking to Jane. It
starts raining.)

DARIA: Damn it… It couldn’t get worst…

(As she says it, a clap of thunder makes her jump.)

DARIA: When will I learn stop saying that…

(She starts running to go to Jane. She arrives and
knocks on the door… another clap of thunder makes her
jump. Trent opens the door.)

TRENT: Hey Daria… come in… Jane went to the store to
buy something to eat with Jesse…

DARIA: Oh… Damn it… I forgot my clothes!

TRENT: Don’t worry! I think I have something clean you
could wear if Jesse and Jane want us to go out with
them… and just to get dry…

(He goes in his room followed by Daria. He takes a
green T-shirt and blue jeans of his closet.)

TRENT: Take those… I’ll go out of my room and let you
change…

(Trent goes out of the room. Daria changes her clothes
and opens the door. She finds Trent standing there in
front of her. He looks in her eyes. They stay there
for a while without moving, looking in each other
eyes. Jane opens the front door and looks surprised to
see Daria wearing Trent’s green shirt, which was very
tight on her, and Trent’s blue jeans too long for her.
Jesse comes in. Jane can’t stops looking at her
brother and best friend… Jesse stares at them too.
Daria’s hair is still wet. Trent wakes up of his
daydreaming and goes take a towel for Daria… He hands
it to her.)

DARIA: (whisper softly) Thanks…

JESSE: Hey… How are you guys doing?

TRENT: Fine… well I’m fine… Daria?

 DARIA: I’m fine… and you guys?

JANE: We are just fine… (Jane and Jesse kiss.) So what
are we doing now? What do you wanna do guys?

TRENT & DARIA: I… We don’t know… Jesse?

JESSE: I don’t know… Jane? You’ve got any ideas?  

JANE: Not really… Do we stay here or we go in the
living room?

TRENT: We could go sit in the living room…

JANE: I sit with Jesse!!!

DARIA: (glares at Jane) Thanks…

JANE: You will thank me someday…

DARIA: I don’t know… I don’t think so…

JANE: I know it… I just know you will…   

DARIA: Shut up Jane…

(Cut 10 minutes later. Jesse is asleep; Jane’s
half-asleep on his shoulder and Daria is half-asleep
on the couch… Suddenly, there’s a clap of thunder…
everybody jumps except Jesse.)

DARIA: Things couldn’t get…

JANE: Don’t say that…

TRENT: Huh?

(There’s another clap of thunder and the power goes
off. No more electricity.)

DARIA: When will I learn stop saying that? Sorry Jane…

JANE: You should learn soon… or I will be very mean
with you… I think I’ll just torture you and kill you
after that… ‘cause you’re a witch!

TRENT: Hey Janey… don’t be mean with your best friend…
Why would you kill her anyway…?

JANE: ‘Cause she blows the electricity away with her
stupid sentence… (Jane takes a candle on the little
table beside her and lights it.

TRENT: Huh?

JANE: Never mind! Oh… but why do you protect her
anyway…?

TRENT: Shut up Janey!

JANE: Oh… I forgot… That’s what every gentleman would
do for his truelove!

TRENT: Shut the hell up Janey! (Jane starts laughing)
Hey, why are you laughing young lady…?

JANE: Nothing! (She starts laughing again. Trent looks
very embarrassed. So does Daria. Jesse opens an eye
and sees nothing.)

JESSE: Hey! Who turns off the light?

JANE: No one… There is no electricity anymore because
of Daria… (She laughs)

JESSE: Huh?

DARIA: She says it’s my fault because I said, “It
couldn’t be worst”!

JESSE: Oh! What are we doing now?

TRENT: Let’s go eat something. I’m hungry now!

DARIA & JANE: You two are always hungry… (The girls
laugh. Jesse and Trent look at them with a “What are
you girls talking about” look on their face.)

JESSE: Why are you laughing girls? (Jane and Daria
look at each other and starts laughing even more than
before.)

JANE: Be… because of… your… because of … your faces…
(They can’t stop laughing as they look at the
expression on Jesse and Trent’s faces. The guys look
at each other and shake their head.) 

TRENT: Let’s go eat Jesse! They will come in the
kitchen when they will stop laughing. (They go to the
kitchen followed by the girls.) Hey what are we eating
man?

JESSE: I don’t know Trent! Let’s ask to Jane and
Daria… They’ll maybe have an idea of what we could eat
with no electrici… ouch! What’s that?

JANE: It’s a chair Jess. We don’t have lights already
and you’re almost running in the house. (She walks to
Jesse and kisses him. Trent walks away and takes a
flashlight in a cupboard. He turns it on and points
his sister and his best friend, who are kissing, with
it.) Hey, stop that Trent… We’d like to kiss without
everyone looking at us. (Trent looks at Daria and they
start laughing.) (Between kisses) Hey! Why are you
laughing? There’s nothing funny! 

TRENT: That’s what you think Janey! (Daria laughed
louder.)

JANE: Thanks to be on his side Daria…! Hey… you are…
Laughing? I can’t believe it… Daria Morgendorffer is
laughing? Jesse! Do my eyes… eh… ears play tricks on
me?

JESSE: (surprised) No sweetie… they are not… Daria is
really… laughing… Wow…

TRENT:  Yeah… Daria can have a sense of humor
sometimes… Wow… you still don’t know your best friend
Janey! I though you knew your best and almost only
friend better… 

JANE: No… it’s that you’re the one who already made
her laugh since I know her. 

TRENT: Huh?

DARIA: (glares at Jane.) Never mind Trent… (Trent
looks at her and looks in her eyes. She blushes and
looks down.) Hey… you guys didn’t want to eat?

TRENT: I’m not hungry anymore. And… other thing… (To
Jane and Jesse) I guess you guys didn’t buy food… Am I
wrong…?

JANE: Oops… (She puts her hand on her mouth.) We
forgot. We didn’t think about that…

TRENT: Yeah… You were more interested by having sex in
my car…

JANE: No… we were just… kissing… just kissing… you
know…that thing when you put your mouth on some…

TRENT: Shut up Janey… And don’t laugh Jesse… I know
what kiss mean… I already did that… 

JANE: Oh… I forgot you already had sex too… sorry
Trent…

TRENT: Shut the hell up Janey… You’re not obligated to
talk about it in front of everyone… 

JANE: Yeah… but Jesse already knows it…

TRENT: Yeah… but Daria didn’t before you opened your
big mouth… Maybe I didn’t want her to know that…
(Daria quits the room but no one sees her. Trent’s
face is red because he is too mad…) 

JANE: I’m sorry Trent… 

TRENT: Okay… I already forgot it… (He is trying not to
look angry but… He looks mad anyway…) 

JESSE: Hey relax man… (Trent gives him a dead look.) 

TRENT: Hey… Where is Daria…? (He looks around and
doesn’t see her.) Thanks a lot sister. (He quits the
kitchen. He goes to the living room, looking
depressed. When he sees Daria… a little smile comes on
his lips, then when he sees she looks very depressed,
he walks to her and sits down beside her on the
couch.) Daria?

DARIA: Huh? (She looks up and meets Trent’s eyes with
hers. She looks down.) 

TRENT: I want to apologize to have ruined your
sleepover… I’m really sorry… 

DARIA: You don’t have to… You didn’t ruin my evening…
because of a stupid little fight with your sister… You
know that… maybe you should apologize to her… because
that you turned very mad… and you screamed at her… 

TRENT: Yeah… I guess you’re right. Thanks Daria…

DARIA: No problem… Hey Trent? 

TRENT: Huh?

DARIA: You know… You didn’t ruin my evening at all…
and Jane was true… You’re the only one who made me
laugh since I moved in… Not really since I moved in…
more… since I was bored… (She blushes and looks down.
Trent smiles a little.)

TRENT: (really softly) It was a pleasure. (Daria
smiles. Trent kisses her on a cheek and hugs her…) I
hope you’re not sad or something…

DARIA: (Though: With you… sure not!) No! (He gets up
and walks to the kitchen.)

TRENT: (softly) I’ll be back… (As he arrives in the
kitchen… Jane walks to him…)

TRENT: (at the same time than Jane) I’m sorry…

JANE: (at the same time than Trent) I’m sorry…

(They start laughing.)

JESSE: Wow… love will always stay in this family…

(They walk to the living room and find Daria who is
sleeping. They sit down. (Trent is next to Daria… of
course…))

TRENT: (Though: She just looks like an angel.) (He
kisses her forehead as Jane and Jesse are kissing… He
pulls Daria closer. Her head falls onto his shoulder.
He rests his head on hers. He is breathing deeply to
smell her sweet perfume…) (Though: Is that Heaven…? I
think it is… If it’s not… It’s only a dream.) (He puts
his arm around her. She starts to wake up. She opens
an eye and sees her head is on Trent’s shoulder. She
can feel his arm around her and his head on hers…) 

DARIA: (though: Oh God… It can’t be real… It’s only a
dream…) (She closes her eye and opens it again)
(though: God… That’s not a dream… I think I’m…)

TRENT: Oh… Sorry… I didn’t know you were awake! 

DARIA: Oh… that’s all right! I didn’t care… (Though: I
can’t believe I just said that…)

TRENT: (Though: I have to kiss her… It’s now or never
I guess… I won’t have the courage to do it later… And
I’ll probably never be that close to her again.) (He
takes her hand in his, puts his other hand in the back
of her head, pulls her closer to him and put his lips
on hers.)

DARIA: (Though: Oh… my God… Trent is kissing me…) (She
kisses him back, then they looks at each other and
start kissing again. Jane and Jesse stops kissing.
They look surprised when they see Trent and Daria.
They finally stop kissing.) Oh… I’m so tired. (Trent
gets up and helps her to get up.)

TRENT: I think you should come with me… Hey Janey…
Don’t forget PROTECTION!

JANE: Shut up… (She glares at Trent… then turns to
face Jesse.) Come on… (She kisses him and pulls him to
her room.) 

(Trent and Daria go in his bedroom. They lay down on
the bed and kiss each other. Five minutes later Daria
falls asleep. Trent looks at her for a while then goes
to sleep.)

(Jane and Jesse are talking laying in Jane’s bed.)

JANE: They finally admitted their love for each other…
Oh Jesse… I’m so proud of them!

JESSE: Yeah… me too… but let’s go to sleep honey…
We’ll talk about that tomorrow morning… ok?

JANE: Ok! (She curls up against Jesse and closes her
eyes. He puts his arms around her and smiles.) G’night
Jesse…

JESSE: Good night Jane…

The end…
