Jesse’s girlfriends

NOTE: I didn’t respect any episode. I just wrote my
ideas and that’s what it gave.

(Cut to see Jesse and Trent talking in Trent’s
bedroom.)

TRENT: Hey man! What are you doing tonight?

JESSE: Why?

TRENT: ‘Cause we…

JESSE: Sorry man… got a date… 

TRENT: Oh… later then…

JESSE: Yeah…

(Cut to see Jane walking with someone to her home! The
other girl (Daria) is wearing a black skirt, combat
boots and a blue jacket. (Jane is wearing the same
clothes than in every episode.)

JANE: So where are you from?

DARIA: Highland.

JANE: oh yeah… did you have friend?

DARIA: No… I was only hanging out with two stupid
guys… Beavis and Butt-Head… I think their stupidity
was kind of amusing me! 

JANE: Oh… I need to tell you… You’ll meet my brother…

(Jane opens the door.)
 
JANE: (screams) TRENT! 

TRENT: (coming out of his bedroom) Hey Janey!

JANE: Hey! Trent, this is Daria; Daria, this is Trent.

TRENT: Hey!

DARIA: (though: Wow!) Huh… hey! (Jesse comes out
Trent’s room)

JESSE: Hey Jane!

JANE: Hey Jess! What’s up?

JESSE: Nothing, you?

JANE: I got a friend! This is Daria… Hey, meet Trent’s
best friend, Jesse!

DARIA & JESSE: Hey!

(Cut to an hour later. Trent is sleeping in his room.
Someone opens the door. We see Jane who turns off the
music.)

TRENT: Huh? Jane! You know I love you, but now… let me
sleep okay?

JANE: Trent? Can you come to the restaurant with us?
I’ll pay your pizza!

TRENT: Okay! I’ll go with you!

JANE: Thanks! 

(Jane gets out of the room, followed by Daria. Trent
looks at Daria as she’s walking to the door and
smile.)

TRENT: (softly) I’ll be in the hall in five minutes!

JANE: Okay… (She closes the door. Trent puts on a
clean green T-shirt and goes in the hall to meet the
girl.)

TRENT: Ready?

JANE: Yup!

TRENT: Okay, let’s go!

(Cut to see Trent, Jane and Daria in Trent’s car.
Nobody’s talking. Trent stops the car in front of a
little pizza restaurant. They all get off the car and
walk to the restaurant. They all sit down. A waitress
comes to them.)

WAITRESS: Hey! What’s up you two? I see there’s a new
member in the club! What will you take this time?
Please Trent, don’t ruins your sister again… please! 

TRENT: Okay! I’ll pay this time Janey! What do you
want girls?

JANE: Give us a slice of pizza each and… Daria? What
do you want to drink?

DARIA: Coke!

JANE: and two cokes! 

WAITRESS: Trent?

TRENT: Two slices of pizza and a coke!

WAITRESS: Okay… I’ll be back…

(Cut to see them ten minutes later. They start
eating.)

(Cut to see Jesse and his girlfriend a couple of table
from where Trent, Daria and Jane are eating. Jesse
can’t stop looking at Jane. His girlfriend, Bianca,
sees it.)

BIANCA: Hey! Jesse! Come back on Earth two minutes… I
need to talk to you!

JESSE: Huh?

BIANCA: I… break up!

JESSE: What?

BIANCA: I still love you Jess, but you see I know you
love Jane more than me!

JESSE: That’s…

BIANCA: (softly) Shut up for a minute… I still wanna
be friend with you! Will you still talk to me?

JESSE: Of course!

BIANCA: Hey Jess… go tell the girl now! (She hugs him
and kisses him on the cheek.) And good luck! Bye… (She
smiles)

JESSE: Bye! See you later?

BIANCA: Yup! (She smiles again.)

(Jesse gets up and walks to the table where Jane is
sat with Daria and Trent.)

JESSE: Jane? Can I talk to you for a minute?

JANE: Of course! (She gets up and walks outside with
Jesse.)

TRENT: Huh? What’s happen? (Bianca sits with them.)

BIANCA: He’ll probably stay a little while outside
with your sister!

TRENT: Huh?

BIANCA: I broke up, ‘cause he loves Jane!

TRENT: Oh!

BIANCA: Hey! My name’s Bianca.

DARIA: I’m Daria…

BIANCA: Nice to meet you!

DARIA: Yeah…

(Cut to see Jane and Jesse outside the restaurant.)

JANE: So… what did you want to tell me?

JESSE: I… love you!

JANE: (in shock) Huh?

JESSE: I love you Jane!

JANE: And Bianca?

JESSE: We’re still friends, but… she broke up ‘cause
she saw that I love you!

JANE: Oh! 

(Cut to see inside at the table. Bianca is gone. Trent
and Daria are alone at the table and try not to look
at each other, but they can’t help.)

TRENT: Daria?

DARIA: Huh? 

TRENT: Huh! Never mind!

DARIA: Okay! Trent?

TRENT: Huh?

DARIA: Nothing! 

TRENT: Daria? I…

DARIA: Huh?

TRENT: I… think I…

DARIA: Huh? What?

TRENT: You are… pretty cool!

DARIA: (blushes) Thanks! You’re… cool two!

TRENT: Huh… thanks!

DARIA: I wonder wh…

TRENT: Daria? I think I love you!

DARIA: WHAT?

TRENT: Huh… I think I… Love you!

DARIA: Trent… I think… me too!

(They look in each other eyes. Trent gets up and sit
next to Daria. He moves closer to her…)

(Cut to see Jane and Jesse kissing outside, next to
Trent’s car. They are very close from each other and
are kissing passionately.)

(Cut to see Trent puts his hand on Daria’s cheek and
kiss her softly.)

(Cut to see Jesse who puts his hands in Jane’s back
and let one hand drops to the bottom of her back.)

(Cut to see Trent paying for the pizzas. He takes
Daria’s hand in his and walks outside. They walk to
the car and find Jane and Jesse making out in the
backseat. Trent starts walking home with Daria.)   

(Cut to see Jane and Jesse in the car.)

JANE: Hey! We forgot Trent and Daria!

JESSE: Oops!

(Jane gets dressed and gets out of the car and walks
to the restaurant. They are not there.)

JANE: (to the waitress) did you see Trent and my
friend?

WAITRESS: Yup… they are walking home Jane!

JANE: Thanks! Bye!

WAITRESS: Yeah… bye! Hope to see you soon!

JANE: Count on it! Bye!

WAITRESS: Bye!

(Cut to see Trent and Daria in front of the Lane
house.)

TRENT: I wait for my car and I will drive you home!

DARIA: Okay!

(Cut to see Trent’s car stops in the driveway. Jane
and Jesse walk out of it!)

JANE: Sorry Trent! 

TRENT: You should say you’re sorry to your friend not
to your brother Janey!

JANE: Oh! Sorry Daria!

(Cut to see Trent and Daria in the car.)

TRENT: Daria? 

DARIA: Huh?

TRENT: I love you!

DARIA: Me too!

(Cut to show Daria sleeping.)

(Cut to see Trent sleeping, holding a pillow and
talking in his dream.)

TRENT: Daria… I love you!

(Cut to see Jane and Jesse, both, sleeping in Jane’s
bed.)

(Cut to the next morning. The phone rings.)

QUINN: I got it! Hello? DARIA!

DARIA: (still in pyjamas, half-sleeping) Huh?

QUINN: Telephone!

DARIA: (picking up the phone) Hello?

BEAVIS: Hey! He hehe hehh hehe ehe he hehe hehe! 

DARIA: Beavis? Why are you calling here?

BEAVIS: Butt-head and I kinda…hehehe… miss ya
Darrheaa! He hehe hehehehe hehh hehe! You were the…
hehh eh ehheh… the only chick who was kinda… eheheh
eheh… talk to us! Hehghe hehh eheh heheeh he!

DARIA: Oops… I have another line… have to go! Bye!

BEAVIS: Hehe hehe hehe hewhe! Bye! Hehehe… (Click)

(Daria hang up the phone.)

DARIA: What the hell…

(The phone rings.)

DARIA: HELLO?

TRENT: Oh… Sorry! I call in a bad time!

DARIA: No… it’s okay… I’m sorry… 

TRENT: Oh okay! Glad to know you’re not mad!

DARIA: Don’t worry! So… why are you calling that
early? Jane told me you usually sleeping till noon!

TRENT: I know! I missed you!

DARIA: Oh… me too!

TRENT: Will you come to a gig with Jane, Jesse and I
tonight?

DARIA: Of course!

TRENT: I’ll take you by 7:00pm, okay?

DARIA: Okay! Bye!

TRENT: Bye! I love you!

DARIA: Me too! Bye!

(They hang on the phone. Daria walks to her bedroom
and goes back to sleep.) 

(Cut to see Jane and Jesse in Jane’s bed. Jane is
watching Jesse who’s still sleeping. She smiles a
little, then close her eyes again.)

(Cut to see Trent awake in his bedroom holding his
guitar. He is playing a song as he writes lyrics on a
sheet.)

(Cut to see Daria sleeping in her bed. She is holding
a pillow and smiling.)

(Cut to see all four of them in a slip screen.)

(Cut to 7:00pm. Trent is driving to Daria’s house. He
stops the car. Daria comes out of the house and walks
to the tank. Trent and she smile. She sits down in the
passenger seat and looks at Trent as he is driving.)

(Cut to an hour later. Jesse is driving. Jane is
half-asleep in the passenger seat. Daria and Trent are
kissing in the back.)

(Cut to the gig. Trent and Jesse are singing on stage.
Daria and Jane are talking at a table.)

TRENT: Finally, I’d like to sing a song that I wrote
this morning for my girlfriend, Daria. She’s in the
audience, but I won’t tell where she is ‘cause I don’t
want her to be embarrassed.

(Trent starts singing all alone on the stage. Jesse
sits down on Jane’s side. He starts to kisses her as
Daria is listening carefully to Trent. She smiles at
him and he smiles back… looking at her.)

JANE: (between kisses) isn’t that sweet!

JESSE: Yeah…

(Cut to see Trent sits down beside Daria and kisses
her. He puts his arms around her.)

TRENT: Daria? I love you!

DARIA: Me too!

(They smile at each other and hold each other for a
while.)

(Cut to see the tank stop in front of the
Morgendorffer’s residence. Daria kisses Trent and
walks to the door.)

(Cut to see Jesse awake sat in his bed.)

(Cut to see Daria writing in her diary.)

(Cut to see Jane sleeping in her bed.)

(Cut to see Trent asleep on his bed, holding his
guitar.)

(Cut to see Daria’s diary:

Dear diary,
My love wrote a song for me. He is too sweet, too nice
with me… And I really love him. I hope our love will
last forever. I know that don’t happens really often
but… I hope it will…
…Daria)

(Cut to see all four of them (split-screen))

The end…
