"Daria" is owned and copyrighted by MTV. All rights reserved.  This is
*not* an episode, but the best imitation of an episode that I could write.
Thanks to the creators of "Daria" for providing so much rich material for
fanfics....


This is the fourteenth episode of The Driven Wild Universe.  It follows 1)
"Rose-Colored Lenses," 2) "The Tie That Chokes," 3) "That Thing You Say,"
4) "'Shipped Out," 5) "Andrea Speaks!", 6) "Cheered Down," 7) "None in the
Family, Part One," 8) "None in the Family, Part Two," 9) "Outvoted," 10)
"Of Absolute Value," 11) "Breaking the Mold," 12) "Surreal World," and 13)
"Erin the Head."

I give it between a 2S and a 2.5S...

The title, of course, is derived from *Primary Colors* by Anonymous
(actually the prominent Newsweek columnist, Joe Klein).  That book detailed
a Bill Clinton-like man's rise to power in the 1992 presidential election.
It has absolutely *nothing* to do with the theme of this fanfic... but I
liked the play on the title. : >

*WARNING*: This fanfic contains some offensive language, though it's placed
in a context that is not  meant to offend.

That said... Enjoy!!!


Ten Spot Promo:  Another made-up one -- a parody of the Britney Spears
video, "Hit Me, Baby."  Only it's *Brittany* in the Britney Spears role,
wearing sexy lingerie and dancing around.  Daria, Jane, and Quinn are her
slumber party buddies, and they're also dancing around, wearing sexy
lingerie.  Brittany keeps tripping over the dance moves.  Quinn keeps
trying to jump in front of her.  Daria performs her moves very
mechanically.  You can picture the rest. ; >

Until new Ten Spot Promos come along...


[intro theme music...................]

PRIMARILY COLOR -- by Kara Wild


ACT ONE

SCENE 1 (Lawndale High, after school)

(Shot of Jodie standing at her locker, fiddling with the combination, the
hallway behind her nearly empty.  Most students have gone home, and Jodie
is making a routine stop before heading off to a student council meeting.
She opens her locker and spies a folded white piece of paper lying on top
of her other things.  Jodie frowns mildly.  *She* didn't put it there, but
maybe Mack did, or someone from student council.  She unfolds the paper
with an air of nonchalance and reads.)

(As she reads, we see her face grow progressively pale.  At one point, she
bites her lip to avoid crying out.  Finally, she blinks hard and crumples
the paper into a ball, then hurls it as far as it will go.  The paper lands
softly on the ground and lies there for several seconds, while Jodie
watches it, her face now red.  She blinks hard and takes deep breaths,
trying to calm down.  At long last, she slams her locker shut and starts
off in the opposite direction, determined to forget about what she'd read.
But after taking a few steps, she turns around and looks at the crumpled-up
note in the distance again.  We see her shoulders sink down, and a defeated
look in her eyes.  She walks toward the note.)

(fade-out.  fade-in to: )

SCENE 2 (a short time later)

(We see Jodie sitting in a corner of the hallway, her back against one of
the lockers.  Her legs are pressed to her chest, and she is holding the
now-unfolded note.  She turns it from side to side, looking at it with a
dull expression.  She is so absorbed in her own thoughts, she doesn't
notice Quinn walking right past her in the direction of the bathroom, and
Quinn doesn't notice her.)

(cut to: )

SCENE 3 (bathroom)

(Shot of Quinn walking blithely through the door and up to the mirror.  She
immediately begins her afterschool, pre-Fashion Club meeting grooming.
This ritual lasts for several seconds, during whichtime Quinn hums to
herself in a chipper tone.  Suddenly we hear the door to one of the stalls
open slowly, then see Sandi appear onscreen.  Her expression is wary -- she
evidently hoped to have the bathroom to herself, and Quinn's presence isn't
cause for joy.  Similarly, Quinn 's face takes on an expression of shock.
Both immediately mask their feelings with phony smiles.)

QUINN: (faux gracious)  Oh *hi*, Sandi.  So good to see you.

SANDI: (also faux gracious, but her heart sounding less into it)  *Hi*,
Quinn.  Likewise.

QUINN:  Don't you usually have student council meetings today?

(Beat)

SANDI: (smirking, starting to apply make-up)  Yes, but they're willing to
wait until I've reached my *optimum* level of attractiveness.  That's how
it is when you're the *one* bright spot in their *entire* day.

QUINN: (faux interested)  Wow, really?  (little laugh.)  'Cause I could've
*sworn* someone else said something completely different.  Jodie, was it?
(At that, Sandi gets a dark look on her face.)  Oh, but I'm *sure* I just
heard wrong.  There probably couldn't be a student council *without* you,
Sandi.
[*] see "Surreal World"

SANDI:  Yes.  (Pause.  glances sideways at Quinn.  faux friendly.)  Oh by
the way, Quinn, I just wanted to say how *sorry* I am that you still
haven't fixed your *problem*.

QUINN: (suspicious, but trying to hide it)  What problem is that?

(Sandi eyes Quinn's glasses.  Quinn purses her lips and tries to remain civil.)

QUINN:  Oh *these*?  (uneasy laugh.)  These're no problem, besides the
field of optometry is coming closer and closer to making contact lenses for
my type of astigmatism and until then no one minds them.  There is *no*
problem.  None.

SANDI: (smirking)  If you *say* so.

(Beat.  Now neither she nor Quinn can conceal the irritation they feel
toward one another.  Quinn focuses her attention on the mirror, proceeds to
brush her hair with faux nonchalance.)

QUINN:  Y' know, I was just thinking...

SANDI: (cocking a brow)  *Yes*?

QUINN: (through clenched teeth)  How really *great* it is that we can
*finally* talk to each other like *normal* people --

SANDI: (eyes narrowing)  You mean without having to *suck* up and put on
*phony* displays to make the other person think we *like* them when in
*fact* --

QUINN:  We hate their guts!  *Exactly*.

(She and Sandi eye each other venomously.)

SANDI: (slowly)  Gee, I'm glad to hear you feel that way.  I guess you
won't *take* it so hard then when I tell you the quality of the *fashion*
at this school has taken a serious *plunge* since you became Fashion Club
president.

QUINN: (bracing herself)  Oh??  And just how do *you* think you could
correct it??

SANDI:  Well I could just find a *replacement*, (smirks.)  but better if I
recommend to my fellow council members that the club be *penalized*, maybe
a cut in funding to make its members *really* see the errors of --

QUINN: (jaw dropping)  You *wouldn't*.

SANDI: (faux innocent)  Why not?  If it's for the *good* of the school.

(Quinn looks ready to give a really nasty retort, one that could possibly
provoke a catfight.  But then she straightens up, tosses her hair, and
smirks.)

QUINN:  Go ahead, then.  Not like anyone will *listen* to you.

(Sandi's eyes narrow.  Quinn knows she's won.  She takes her make-up, gives
Sandi a nod, and starts to leave.  Sandi tries to shore up her dignity.)

SANDI:  Oh Quinn?  (Bt)  Next time you come in here to apply make-up, don't
bother to bring *mascara*.  (smirks.)  No one will see it.

(Pause.  Quinn turns and gives Sandi a death stare.  Sandi returns it with
a hard look of her own.)

(cut to: )

SCENE 4 (lockers, a short time later)

(Cut to shot of Daria and Jane standing beside their lockers, getting ready
to leave.)

JANE:  So... what say we forgo our usual pizza for the new chile place in
the mall?  All you can eat.

DARIA:  Does it provide you with a new stomach in case the old one gives way?

JANE:  Hmm... we'll have to see.  (Just then, we see Mack and Jodie walk
past them in the foreground.)  Hey there, love *bird-erinos*!

(Mack and Jodie continue to walk without acknowledging her or Daria.  Jane
frowns.)

DARIA: (deadpan)  What did you expect?  Who in their right minds would
respond to *that* nickname?

JANE:  Say Daria, did Jodie look kind of funny to you?

(Cut to shot of Jodie and Mack -- pan to follow them.  As Jane noticed,
Jodie is still pale and visibly shaken from the note.  Mack is gazing at it
and frowning darkly.)

MACK: (shaking his head)  I can't believe it.  I'll *kill* whoever wrote this.

JODIE: (distressed)  Look Michael, can we please just let this *go*?  I
don't want to think about it anymore.

MACK:  Jodie, we can't let this go.  That *jerk* obviously put this in your
locker hoping to intimidate you.  We have to show it to somebody.

JODIE: (irritation creeping in)  To Ms. Li so she can say "We'll look into
it" and nothing happens??  I've been through this before, and that's how it
*always* goes.

MACK: (determined)  Then we'll have to show it to someone *else*...

(fade-out.  fade-in to: )

SCENE 5 (Landon residence, evening)

(Shot of the outside.  Cut to shot of Jodie, Mack, and Michele Landon
sitting in the living room.  Andrew Landon's pacing furiously around the
room, reading from the sheet of paper.)

ANDREW:  ... Uppity black *bitch* slut mother f--

JODIE:  *Dad*!

ANDREW: (continuing, checking language)  You have no *bleeping* business
being president of our school.  Better hand the job over to someone who
knows what he or she it *doing* --!

JODIE: (meeker)  Dad, please...

MICHELE: (sharp)  That's *enough*, Andrew.

ANDREW: (muttering)  And go hang out with the other nigger welfare queens
-- (crumples up the paper, flings it to the ground, kicks it.)  God
*dammit*, I'm madder than hell!!

MACK: (sober)  It kind of had that effect on us, too, sir.

MICHELE: (taking the paper, smoothing it out)  Jodie, I can't *believe*
this has happened to you before and you *never* told us.

JODIE:  The last time was a long time ago.  Before I even became president.

ANDREW:  *Dammit*, none of my kids're on welfare!

MICHELE: (to Jodie)  That doesn't matter.  This kind of hate-filled,
fear-mongering diatribe should *not* go unpunished.

ANDREW:  I pay my taxes!  Hell, when I see a welfare mother, I get as
*scornful* as the rest of them!

MICHELE:  Drew, *settle* down.  (to Jodie)  Do you have *any* idea who
might've written this?

JODIE:  No.  (Pause.  gets a thoughtful frown.)  *Wait*... (sighs.)  no.

MACK: (grim)  Anybody with an inferiority complex.

ANDREW:  It doesn't matter *who* wrote these notes -- the point is, you
went to the ones in charge for help, and they didn't *do* anything!

MICHELE:  Yes, *exactly*.  And it's *that* kind of sitting-on-their-hands
philosophy that keeps minorities down at these majority-white schools.

JODIE: (peevish)  So what are you suggesting?  That I storm Ms. Li's office
and threaten her until she agrees to hunt down whoever's responsible??

ANDREW:  Hell, why *not*?  That woman's got enough surveillance equipment.

MICHELE:  No, Drew, I think *we* should be the ones to do the threatening.
(stands up and walks over to the phone.)

JODIE: (wary)  What are you doing?

MICHELE:  There's *got* to be a civil rights violation *somewhere* in this.

(Beat.  Jodie realizes what her mom's about to do.  Her eyes widen.)

JODIE:  Mom, *no*!  If you make a big deal out of this, everyone's gonna
find out about it!

ANDREW: (scoffing)  So *what*?  It's about time.

MICHELE: (picking up the phone)  Don't you *see*, sweetheart, that we've
got to *kill* this cancerous growth before it spreads?  If *you're*
silenced by these threats, then just imagine all the *smart* black women
who could follow.  Think of Rachel.

ANDREW:  *Yeah*.  And this is *just* the kind of crap your mother and I
dealt with when we first moved to Lawndale.

MICHELE:  And when *I* was senior V.P. at U.S. World. (starts dialing.)

JODIE: (desperate)  But don't *you* see??  I have to be with these people
every day.  My life's stressful enough already, and after this, it'll never
be *normal*!

MACK: (sympathetic)  But at least something good might come from it.

(Jodie exhales sharply and shakes her head.  Mack pats her hand.
Meanwhile, Michele's got the phone to her ear.)

MICHELE: (no-nonsense)  Hi, Helen??  Michele.  Listen, if you want to make
up for all the stupid, *lame-brained*, insensitive comments you've ever
made to me and my family, get your ass over here *now*.

(cut to: )

SCENE 6 (Lawndale High, several weeks later)

(Shot of the outside.  Cut to close-up shot of a newspaper.  In the bottom
righthand corner of the front page is a bold-faced headline.  Cut to wider
shot to show Jane holding the newspaper, reading the headline and the
article.)

JANE:  "Lawndale High Faces Class Action Lawsuit."  (faux dramatic.)
Lawndale High School found itself *embroiled* in controversy yesterday when
parents of *dozens* of minority students, represented by the law firm of
(sly glance at Daria.)  Vitale, Davis, Horowitz, Riordan...

(As Jane reads of the names, Daria rolls her eyes.)

JANE:  ... Schrecter, Schrecter, *and* Schrecter... blah-blah-blah...  (Bt.
dramatic falsetto.)  "We're going to *rip* this school wide open and expose
the *corruption* infested in its bowels!" said lawyer on the case, Helen
Morgendorffer.  (normal voice.)  Ooh -- in its *bowels*?  Catchy.

DARIA: (deadpan)  You think that's bad, you should hear the soundbites she
spews at home.

JANE:  Yeech -- so she's *really* into it, is she?

DARIA:  Oh yeah.  Her Sixties sense of righteousness has struck with a
vengeance.

JANE:  That, and she feels she owes the Landons big.

DARIA:  Yep.

JANE: (reading)  The controversy began when Student Body President Jodie
Landon reported blah-blah-blah-blah-blah... *Since* then, Morgendorffer
claims to have found *several* more violations... (stops reading.  shakes
her head.)  Boy, just the publicity Jodie's always wanted, eh?

DARIA:  Which explains why she's been a no-show these past couple of days.

JANE:  So who d' you think did it?

DARIA:  Someone without conscience or spine.  Targeting Jodie's like
targeting the Easter bunny.

JANE: (vaguely bitter)  Yes, well I can think of *one* person who matches
that description.

DARIA:  Sandi Griffin?

JANE:  Ooh yeah.  (rolls her eyes.)  She's an *ambitious* one, she is.
Can't win the presidency by dragging *one* person through the ringer, so
she stoops to racial slurs against another.

DARIA:  This almost seems too crude to be Sandi's handiwork.  Isn't she
more the "sugar to your face, poison *dart* in your backside"-type person?

JANE:  You would think so, wouldn't you?  But then again, making your
opponent out to be a potential murderer on your website seems crude, as
well, and Sandi did *that*.
[*] see "Outvoted"

(Daria cocks an eyelid and nods.)

JANE: (reading)  *Esteemed* principal, Angela Li, protests that *she* was
never...

(cut to: )

SCENE 7 (Li's office, at that same time)

(Close-up shot of Li, burning with rage.)

MS. LI:  Oh good *lord*!  Do you *realize* how *much* of a public relations
*disaster* this is?!  First threats of school violence, now *this*?!

(Cut to wider shot.  Mr. O'Neill is sitting across from her, looking
concerned, but much calmer.)

MR. O'NEILL:  Now, now, Ms. Li, I'm sure we'll be able to address this
problem in a way that'll make our school a *stronger* place to be.  (does a
fist pump.)

MS. LI:  Ooooh -- I'll *stronger* you!  This is just going to *drag* our
institution's reputation into the *mud*, I just *know* it!  (gestures
angrily at a list on her desk.)  And just *look* at these demands!  These
people act as though IIIIIII *personally* oppressed their children.

(O'Neill gets a nervous look on his face.  No point in telling her the truth.)

MS. LI: (resentful)  Well *unlike* their whiiiite attorney, I *understand*
what it's like to be *belittled* by the majority culture!

O'NEILL: (encouraging)  That's *good*, Ms. Li!  You should let it out.

MS. LI: (glaring at him)  But since they're holding a gun to my head, I
guess I have no *choice* but to settle.  (Bt)  They want protection for
their children from racial slurs?? (vaguely ominous.)  Well they'll *get*
it...

(fade-out.  fade-in to: )

SCENE 8 (Lawndale High, a few days later)

(Shot of the outiside entrance to the auditorium.  Cut to shot of Jodie
seated in one of the chairs in the front row, looking ill-at-ease.  Other
students can be seen filing in and filling the other seats.  Just then, we
see Brittany and Kevin creeping down the aisle so that they're a short
distance from Jodie.  They're looking at her and whispering.)

KEVIN: (a bit too loud)  So babe, ya think we should say something to her?

BRITTANY:  Yeah. (twirls a lock of hair.)  Something, like, really
supportive or whatever.

KEVIN:  How d' we do that?  Awkward stuff, like, creeps me out.

BRITTANY:  Yeah, me too.  (Bt.  loud panicked whisper.)  *Quick* Kevvy:
let's just sneak away an' act like we never saw her!

JODIE: (turning around, sarcastic)  Hi guys.  It's nice to know you care.

(Brittany and Kevin look at each other.)

BRITTANY:  *Eap*!

KEVIN:  Yeah, *eap*!

BRITTANY: (pleading)  We're sorry, Jodie, we didn't --

JODIE:  That's okay, Brittany.  I'll talk to you later.

(Brittany and Kevin nod and quickly run off.  Jodie groans and shakes her
head.  Just then, we see Mack approach her from the opposite direction.  He
takes a seat beside her.)

JODIE: (frustrated)  You *see*?  They're, like, the gazillionth people
who've *done* that to me today.  This is exactly what I didn't want.

MACK: (smiling.  sympathetic)  Recognition?

JODIE:  *Pity*.  *Weird* behavior.  People suddenly don't know how to act
around me.  I'm not Jodie Landon, Honor Student, I'm "that poor girl."
(rolls her eyes.)  Well they can save their pity.  I don't care.

MACK:  Well hey, at least that means they're *noticing*, right??  Didn't
you once tell me you wished people could understand how hard it was to be
Miss Perfect African-American Student?

JODIE:  Yes, but what *good* is it gonna do me?  It won't change the fact
that I'm black and most of the people here are white.

MACK:  You don't think so, huh?  (with unusual vehemence.)  Well maybe
it'll make people think twice before telling a racist joke or saying
something that could be offensive.  (Bt)  I don't know about you, but I get
sick of having to defend myself all the time.  Like when people call me
"Oreo," or when I have to expain my feelings about "The Boondocks."  And
I'm sick of laughing good-naturedly everytime someone like *Kevin* jokes
that black men can only be good at sports.  Hell, if this opens their eyes
just a *little*, that's great by me.

(Pause.  Jodie absorbs this, gets an acknowledging look on her face.)

JODIE:  Yeah.  (Bt)  But what if the opposite happens?

(Cut to shot of Jane and Daria sitting in the center seats of the center row.)

JANE: (looking offscreen)  Hey!  Jodie's back.

DARIA: (also looking)  Yeah.  And just in time for the P.C. Jamboree.

JANE: (faux scolding)  Now, now... it's an assembly to promote cultural
awareness.

DARIA: (deadpan)  Let's see if it makes me aware of anything besides the
minutes it's making me spend that I can never have back.

(Jane raises a brow.  Cut to shot of the stage.  We see Ms. Li advancing to
the podium, while several of the teachers sit in chairs onstage, a la
"Esteemers.")

MS. LI:  Good morning, students!  It's come to my attention that a
teeeeeeerrible *misconception* about our school has surfaced.  That this is
an institution of *conformity* and lack of tolerance, instead of the
*bastion* of diverse backgrounds and experiences we know it to be.  Right?
(looks over at the teachers -- they don't say anything.  taps her shoe,
glares at them.)  I said *right*??!

TEACHERS:  Oh yes!/ Definitely!/ Of course!!

MS. LI:  So we've decided it's high-time to let the world know just how
diverse we *really* are.  To start, I've made up a list of do's and don't's
that will promote raaaaaacial sensitivity.

(Cut to shot of the audience.  Teachers standing in the aisles begin
passing out sheets of paper to each student in the rows.  Cut to shot of
Jodie and Mack, looking them over.)

MACK: (reading)  "Do not call minorities 'colored people.'  Call them
'people of color.'"  (A slightly confused expression crosses his face.
Then he shrugs a "works for me.")

(Cut to shot of Quinn, Tiffany, and Stacy.)

STACY: (reading)  "Only under certain circumstances is it okay to call
someone descended from Central or South America 'Hispanic,' 'Chicano,' or
'Latino.'"  (Bt.  gets a freaked-out look on her face.)  *Which*
circumstances?!

(Cut to shot of Jane and Daria.)

JANE:  Hey, they even threw in a few lines about us *socially*-challenged
folks.  You're "cranially endowed," and I have a "uniquely visual outlook."

(Resume shot of the stage.  DeMartino leaps up out of his chair and bolts
over to the podium.)

DeMARTINO:  And if any of you MIScreants dares to spout a possibly
INSENSITIVE remark, *AUTOMATIC SUSPENSION*!!

MS. LI:  *Yes*, under the new "zero tolerance" policy.  (eyes DeMartino.)
And that goes for *instructors* as well.

(Beat)

DeMARTINO: (confused)  What do you...?  (Then it sinks in.)  Aw, come ON,
Ms. Li!  You *can't* expect ME to keep my *mouth* shut --!

MS. LI:  Take your *seat*, Mr. DeMartino.

(Cut to shot of Sandi.  During the commotion that ensues, she and her
several hangers-on look at the list.)

SANDI: (smirking)  *Fat* people are called "gravitationally *endowed*"??
Excuse me, but I don't *think* so.

(She starts chuckling, as do some other people.  Cut to shot of Jodie.  She
picks up on the chuckling and turns to look, her eyes narrowing.)

MS. LI: (offscreen)  Well now that *that's* settled, let us give a *hearty*
round of applause for Ms. Brittany Taylor as she performs a diversity cheer
she wrote *all* by herself --

(cut to: )

SCENE 9 (O'Neill's class, the next day)

(Shot of the classroom as seen from the outside.  Cut to shot of the
inside: all of the desks are arranged in a large circle, with O'Neill
sitting directly across from Jodie.  Jodie's got her arms crossed and wears
a "Why me?" expression.  The other students look at her, either with
interest or indifference.)

O'NEILL: (touchy-feely)  I, for one, *cherish* this opportunity to foster
*closer* relations between most of us who are white, and our brothers and
sisters of *color*.

DARIA: (deadpan)  I always felt like I never knew enough purple people.

(Jodie, in spite of her discomfort, can't keep from chuckling.  Other
students follow suit.)

O'NEILL: (hand to his mouth.  concerned)  Oh my... class, this *isn't* a
laughing matter.  Jodie first helped bring this *disturbing* issue to the
fore, and we should thank her for showing *courage* and *conviction*.  *I*
plan to do so by keeping diversity alive not just through the right words
and books, but through *caring*.

(Several wary glances are exchanged.)

O'NEILL: (oblivious)  The assembly yesterday kicked off a nonstop
*care-athon* which I'm going to oversee!  Let's honor it by *joining*
hands.  Let the *oneness* flow through our veins!

(At the word "oneness," people again start cracking up.)

JANE: (wicked)  Will there be singing?

ANDREA:  *No* way.

(After some resistance, the students start to link up.  One look from
Daria, and Kevin knows better than to offer her his hand.)

O'NEILL:  And let us hear of Jodie Landon's tale of *suffering*.

JODIE:  *What*?

O'NEILL:  C' mon, Jodie, don't be afraid.  Through your lawsuit against the
school, you've shown the courage to come *this* far. (fist pump.)  Now let
us feel your pain.  Let us know what you go through *every* day because of
society's *intolerance*.  (shudders dramatically.)

(long Pause.  Jodie looks seriously bowled-over.  On the one hand, she's
skeptical of O'Neill's warm an' fuzzy approach [who wouldn't be?].  She's
also reluctant to talk about stuff that could be painful or that could
drive an even bigger wedge between her and other students.  At the same
time, this *is* a rare opportunity.  Jodie looks like she's about to give
in to it when, at the last minute, she rolls her eyes instead.)

JODIE: (frustrated)  Mr. O'Neill, no offense, but you're acting as though
*I'm* the only member of an oppressed minority group.  But there are *lots*
of people in this room who are.

O'NEILL:  Hmm... an interesting observation.

JODIE:  Like *yourself*.  (Bt)  The Irish were oppressed for centuries
because of their culture and religion.  People even called *them* black.

(Beat)

O'NEILL: (stunned)  Why... why *yes*.  That's *true*.  (sniffles, tears up
a little.)  I never thought anyone would take my heritage seriously.
*Damn* those unfeeling potato jokes!  (sniff, sniff.)

JANE:  Um, do you need a minute alone?

O'NEILL:  No, no, I'm fine.  (takes a deep breath.)  But it feels so much
better knowing someone *understands* my inner sorrow.  Which is why, Jodie,
*you* mustn't be afraid to speak out and reveal *your* pain to all of us.

(Again Jodie hesitates.)

BRITTANY:  Yeah, come on, Jodie!

OTHER STUDENTS:  Yeah...

(Jodie gets a slightly more receptive look on her face.)

JODIE:  Well, I... (interrupted by the P.A.)

MS. LI: (stern)  Saaaaaaaandra Griffin, report to my office *immediately*.

(Cut to shot of the students in Mr. Phelps's class.  Quinn was writing out
a problem on the blackboard, but is now looking at Sandi, along with Stacy,
Tiffany, and the rest of the class.  All are stunned by the ferocity in
their principal's tone.)

OTHER STUDENTS: (teasing)  Oooooooooh...

PHELPS: (dryly amused)  My heavens, Ms. Griffin, she sounds in desperate
need of your company.

SANDI: (smirking with bravado)  She probably needs more *makeover* tips.
I'd better go help her.

(She stands with a little uneasiness and heads toward the door.  Quinn
watches her, until she feels her teacher tapping her on the shoulder.)

PHELPS: (gently firm)  Eyes on the blackboard, Ms. Morgendorffer.

(Quinn frowns a little and turns away.  When she glances back, Sandi's gone.)

(Cut to shot of the students in Mr. O'Neill's class.  Jodie smiles with
secret satisfaction and relief, and continues with what she was saying.)



****************
END OF ACT ONE

[Shot of Andrew Landon drop-kicking the offending note.]


***You are now entering *SUPERBOWL* commercial *HELL*!!!!!!  Please keep
your seatbelt securely fastened.  You are about to see some of the lamest,
most *EXPENSIVE* commercials put on television.***

1)  "Next Friday, on the Ten Spot:  Ever wanted to know what life was like
back when Daria was a bun in Helen's oven??  Well here's your chance to
find out.  Catch it next week on an all-new 'Daria.'"

**All right, I know this is a little dated, but oh well.  There were far
too many e-this and dot-com-*that* commercials, along with Budweiser and
Charles Schwaab.  However, there were several that stood out in my mind,
and I've gone to the trouble to rate them on a scale of 0 to 10, 10 being
the best.**

2)  A guy runs after an elevator filled with people carrying pizza and
other party goods.  He manages to get one hand, carrying a six-pack of beer
[which, I forgot], stuck inside.  The people inside drink the beer, then
try to shake the guy by taking the elevator up, but end up making him crash
into the ceiling instead.  Um... funny?  I'd give it a *6* for originality,
*6* for special effects, and *3* for good taste.  Overall rating: *5*.

**Kickoff... one man grabs the ball.  Another man tackles him.  After these
exhilerating 10 seconds, we cut to another commercial...**

3)  The futuristic commercial which has Christopher Reeves getting up and
walking after his spinal cord injury is cured.  Poignant... and eery.  The
multiple T.V. screens which display this to the public seem reminiscent of
Big Brother, and I just couldn't help feeling creeped out by the fact that
in real life, Reeves is *still* a quadraplegic.  Still, I'd give it a *10*
fo idealism, *8* for special effects, and *7* for creepy futuristic look,
giving an overall rating of *8.3*.

***You are now leaving *SUPERBOWL* commercial *HELL*. Aren't you happy you
survived?***


ACT TWO

SCENE 1 (Griffin residence, that evening)

(Shot of the outside.  Cut to shot of Linda Griffin sitting on one end of
the living room couch, Sandi on the other end.  Linda's got the phone to
her ear and a no-nonsense look on her face.  Sandi sits there with her arms
folded, looking tired and pissed-off.)

LINDA: (into the receiver)  Just what the *hell* do you think you're doing
*suspending* my daughter??

(Split screen with her on the left and Ms. Li, still in her office at
school, on the right.  Li appears  irritated and wary... even more so than
usual.)

MS. LI:  It's all veeeeeeeeery simple, Mrs. Griffin.  Jodie Landon said
your daughter wrote her a *racially* offensive note a while back, so I
merely *wielded* my powers under the new "zero tolerance" policy.

(Linda peers over at Sandi, who looks back at her with a pouty "Oh *come*
on" expression.)

LINDA: (to Li)  Where's your *evidence*??  How can you be so sure it was
*Sandi* who wrote that note??

MS. LI:  I've got aaaaaaaaall the evidence I need in the "Class Land"
footage, in which your daughter was *threatening* Ms. Landon.
[*] see "Surreal World"

LINDA: (looking at Sandi)  *Threatening Jodie Landon on *television*??

SANDI: (defensive)  She was threatening *me*, too!  Like, you'd understand
if you *watched*.

LINDA: (to Li)  I would like to see this *footage* of which you speak.

MS. LI:  Certainly Mrs. Griffin... if you can handle watching your daughter
*also* declare that she's ashaaaaamed of you.

(Pause.  Linda's normal expression of cool assurance gets replaced by one
of shock, as though she's been punched in the stomach.  She again looks at
Sandi, who thinks she's still talking about the threats.  Sandi shakes her
head decisively.)

LINDA: (to Li, slightly hoarse)  I-I just don't understand how you could
*treat* her this way, after *everything* I've done for the school.

MS. LI:  Ooh-hoo, some new security lights and free publicity don't *quite*
make up for a class action lawsuit that's threatening to *shatter* our
reputation.  (Bt)  Besides, those items were contigent on your daughter
being *Vice-President* of the Student Body, a role which she gave up
weeeeeks ago.
[*] see "Outvoted"

(Pause.  Linda looks at Sandi, this time with anger.)

LINDA: (slowly)  She *quit* student council?

(Quickly, Sandi goes from looking defiant to pale and subdued.)

MS. LI:  Ohhh, *yes*.  And let me tell you something *else*, Mrs. Griffin.
(eyes narrow.)  People like your daughter make me *sick*.  The way she and
others think they can just *bully* minority students, I'm only *too* glad
to be able to put her in her place.  So *until* she apologizes to Jodie
Landon, her suspension staaaaaands.

(Linda clicks off the phone decisively.  Cut to full shot.  She lays the
phone down slowly, her eyes still narrowed.)

LINDA: (slowly, with an edge)  Why did you quit student council?

(Pause.  Sandi reddens.)

SANDI: (mumbling)  My reasons are *personal*.

LINDA:  Was it because you *threatened* Jodie Landon and made racist comments?!

SANDI:  *No*.  Like, all I did was bring her down a peg.  She was acting
all *high*-and-mighty, treating me like I was a big *jerk*, and I just told
her what the hell did *she* know?  What made *her* the exper--?

LINDA: You are going to apologize to her.

SANDI: (eyes widening)  But nothing I said was racist!

LINDA: (hard)  *Dammit*, Sandi, after all I did for you, pulling strings to
*get* you the vice-presidency, only to watch you *throw* it away, the
*least* you could do --

SANDI:  Mother, I'm *telling* you the truth.

LINDA: (unyielding)  You will *not* make me look bad to the other
businesswomen in this community.  *Especially* Michele Landon.  She may not
be with U.S. World any longer, but she *still* carries influence --

(Sandi looks as though she's ready to protest again, then closes her mouth
and tries to suck in her resentment.)

(cut to: )

SCENE 2 (Morgendorffer house, next evening)

(Shot of the outside.  Cut to shot of the four Morgendorffers at dinner.
[Let's try to guess what they're eating!  Go on, it's not so hard!]
Quinn's in mid-conversation.)

QUINN:  ... and so Ms. Li's been cracking the whip, punishing any student
who she even *thinks* is acting racist.

HELEN:  Oh my... sounds like a violation of their rights to free speech.
(frowns.)  If the courts hadn't taken them all away.

QUINN:  And Mr. O'Neill's gotten *really* into it, too.  He's, like, making
us hold hands and *talk* an' stuff.  (shudders a little.)  He's even
setting up a multicultural fair in a week or so.  *I*, of course, plan to
work at one of the cuter booths.

DARIA:  Naturally.

JAKE:  Sounds *neat*, you guys!

HELEN:  *Yes*, it's *so* good to see that they're starting to take
diversity *seriously* at your school.  (Bt.  no-nonsense.)  But the minute
they fall off course, we'll slap them with a lawsuit *so* big, it'll make
their head spin into the next century.

DARIA: (sardonic)  What better way to promote compassion?

QUINN:  Mr. O'Neill *also* encouraged us white students to get to know some
of the minority students better -- like talk to them one-on-one and hear
their painful stories.  So I've decided to hang out with Tiffany for the
next few days.

DARIA: (rolling her eyes)  But you *already* hang out with Tiffany.

QUINN: (thoughtful)  Yes, but not... the *real* Tiffany.

(Daria cocks an eyelid.  Helen raises a brow as well.)

HELEN:  Daria, *why* do I get the feeling you're less-than-enthusiastic
about these new developments at your school?

DARIA:  Because.  My skeptic alarm always goes off whenever the school
tries a new *social engineering* experiment.  And this one seems destined
to fall into the figurative dustbin like all the others.

HELEN:  Meaning?

DARIA:  It's every bit as misguided.  To promote so-called diversity, the
school insists on stripping away our personalities -- what little *some* of
us have -- and reducing us to our race or ethnicity.

HELEN:  So?

DARIA:  So it's degrading.  They claim they want us students to find a
common ground -- but how can we do that if our common tastes and
experiences have been chucked away?  Forget personality, forget experience
-- now it's just "this person matters because he or she came from a
background of suffering."

QUINN:  So?

DARIA: (rolling her eyes)  *So*, it seems as though they're encouraging the
students who *have* no such background to feel sorry for the ones that do.

JAKE:  So??

DARIA:  So, can you *really* understand someone when you have to keep your
distance, by viewing that person as a pity case instead of an equal?  When
the guilt and fascination wear off, we'll all be back to Square One.  We'll
just go about our business, and nothing will have changed.

(Beat.  Helen, Jake, and Quinn look a little floored, as they so often do
after one of Daria's speeches.  Then Quinn waves a hand nonchalantly.)

QUINN:  Oh, like *you* would know about understanding people anyway -- you
barely ever leave your room.  (Bt)  Listen, Daria, guilt is *in*.  It's
*chic*.  Especially where minorities are concerned.  I mean sure, we used
to, like, make them sit at the front of the bus and mop lunch counters, or
whatever -- but now the trend is toward rejecting the boring old status quo
and *embracing* minorities as cool and interesting and in some ways
superior.  And *I*, for one, don't want to miss out on it.

DARIA:  Today, minorities.  Tomorrow, endangered bunnies.

HELEN:  Quinn has a *point*, Daria.  Guilt isn't necessarily a *bad* thing.
Sometimes it's the *only* thing that can keep the people in power from
completely destroying a minority culture.  (Bt)  It kept us from oblitering
the Native Americans.  It helped establish a Jewish homeland in 1948 --

QUINN:  Oh that reminds me.  Mr. O' Neill said he wanted us all to find an
oppressed minority group in *our* background and, like, share our pain.  So
I'm gonna talk about how it feels to be Jewish.

DARIA: (cocking an eyelid)  Since when are we Jewish?

QUINN: (slightly defensive)  Hey, if *Dad* is a member of the Jewish race,
then so am *I*.  (to Jake.)  Say Daddy, were any of our relatives killed in
the Holocaust?

JAKE:  Nope.  They all came to America in the 1890's.

QUINN: (looking somewhat disappointed)  Oh.

JAKE:  And anyway, Judaism isn't really a *race*, honey; it's more of an
ethnicity.  Like "I'm Slavic... I'm *Jewish*."

DARIA:  But there are black and Hispanic Jews, too.

HELEN:  It's a *religion*.  And a very noble one at that.  (Bt)  But you
know, Quinn, if you want to hear stories of oppression, my ancestors in
Northern Ireland faced some *terrible* --

QUINN: (dismissive)  Yes, yes that's very interesting.  (Bt)  No offense,
Mom, but I don't really want to hear about a bunch of white Protestants --
they, like, *rule* this country.  I want to hear about *real* minorities.

(Helen looks slightly hurt.  Daria cocks an eyelid with mild amusement.)

QUINN:  So Dad, didn't your relatives, like, suffer at *all*?

JAKE:  Well there was the difficulty with assimilation, naturally.
(chuckles.)  They even made up a Revolutionary War ancestor to help them
fit into American society better.  Phineas T. Morgendorffer was his name.
(starts to go into a rage.)  When the kids found out the truth about him,
oh how they *laughed*.  *LAUGHED*, I tell you!!

(Quinn leans her chin on her hand, intrigued.)

JAKE:  Ohh, what a *can* of worms *that* just opened up!  Before military
school, I'll never forget about every *stinking* year at Christmas time.
"Santa's not *coming* to *your* house, Jakey.  You're not *getting* any
presents, Jakey!  Have fun with your *dreidel*, Jakey!!"  Well I'll
*DREIDEL* you!!!

(cut to: )

SCENE 3 (Morgendorffer house, that night)

(Shot of the outside.  Cut to shot of Daria standing in front of the
bathroom mirror, dressed in her pajamas.  Quinn comes in, also in her pj's.)

QUINN: (chipper)  Wow, Dad's got, like, *so* many repressed memories.
This'll be so cool to tell the other kids.

DARIA: (deadpan)  That's just what they need: more pain and rejection.

QUINN:  Too bad *Sandi* won't be there to hear it.  (brief look of
irritation gets replaced by a thoughtful frown.)  Y' know, it's weird she
got suspended.

DARIA:  No weirder than the other kids who did.

QUINN:  Yeah... but Sandi never *seemed* like the racist type.
(instructional.)  Her prejudices are based on a very strict definition of
*who's* well-dressed and has a good body, and who *isn't*.  It never
mattered to her what color you were just as *long* as you could coordinate.

DARIA: (sardonic)  Well that's *much* more reassuring.

QUINN:  But I guess if Jodie Landon said she did it then she *had* to have
done it.  'Cause Jodie's, like, *perfect*, right??  She never lies about
anything.

(A strange look crosses Daria's face.)

DARIA:  Um, right...

QUINN: (sighing)  It's too bad.  Before this happened... (frowns slightly.)
during the times Sandi *wasn't* making fun of me for being a four eyes or
*threatening* my power with the Fashion Club... I kind of... well... every
*once* in a while... there were times... really, really *brief* times...

DARIA: (impatient)  Yes?

QUINN:  ... when I missed her.

(cut to: )

SCENE 4 (O'Neill's class, a few days later)

(Shot of the outside.)

ANDREA: (offscreen VO.  same dramatic tone she used in "Cafe Dissafecto")
I am the *minority viewer*...

(Cut to shot of her standing in front of the room, giving a presentation to
Daria, Jane, and company.)

ANDREA:  I am black... I am brown... I am red --

DARIA: (thought VO)  Wow.  Blending into a wooded thicket must be no
problem for you.

ANDREA:  ... I am yellow... I am multiracial.  I want to see a face on
screen that looks like *mine*, I want to see experiences that have been
*my* experiences.  But instead, all I get is a vast vanilla... *wasteland*.
(Pause.  ominous, low voice.)  And *I* am the white programmer that
*saturates* the airwaves with white programming.  (eyes narrow.)  "Seventh
Heaven"... "Providence"... "Dawson's Creek"... "Ally McBeal" without Ling
*or* Rene. (lips curl.)  "*Friends*."

(Many in the class shudder at her icy tone.)

ANDREA:  I *despise* you, minority viewer.  *You*, who do not fit in with
the white-washed, middle-class, cookie-cutter, spirit-crushing norm of
society.  *You* who are not marketed to in the commercials that keep me
afloat.  I will *never* give you a lead role.  I will have your parts
played by *white* actors.  I will *destroy* you!

(She takes several colored bean bags out of her pocket and drops them on
the floor.  She then takes a ruler and proceeds to beat the stuffing out of
them.)

ANDREA:  DIE-DIE-DIE-DIE-DIE-DIE-DIE...!!!

O'NEILL: (somewhat nervous)  Um, um... that's very nice, Andrea, *very*,
very nice.  Feel free to take your seat.  (Expressionless once more, Andrea
lays aside the ruler, picks up the bean bags, and heads back to her desk.)
Um... so did any of you students learn anything *valuable* from her
performance?

(The class takes a few more seconds to recover.  Then one girl toward the
back of the class raises her hand.)

GIRL:  Wow, what she said was just sooo *true*.  It's sooo true, but I
hadn't ever *thought* about it before.

BRITTANY:  Yeah!  (looks at Jodie, lower lip trembling.)  I'm so *sorry*,
Jodie.  I'll never ever watch "Friends" *again*!

JODIE: (amused and a bit uncomfortable)  That's okay, Brittany, don't
worry.  "Friends" is a cool show.

O'NEILL: (tipping his head slightly in a "caring instructor" way)  So,
Jodie, did Andrea's presentation hit a *sensitive* place within you?

(Beat)

JODIE: (awkward)  Um, well... I guess.  It *would* be nice for there to be
more multiculturalism on T.V., just so there's a wider range of viewpoints
to draw from.

O'NEILL:  Yes, *yes*!  Isn't the black point-of-view being *oppressed*
(dramatic shudder.) by that of the *dominant* culture?

JODIE:  Sure... I guess.

(Beat)

O'NEILL:  Now Daria, it's time for you to share *your* oppressed heritage
with the *rest* of us.

(Pause.  Daria stands up, reads from a sheet of paper.)

DARIA: (deadpan)  Because of their Protestant beliefs, my mother's
ancestors were encouraged by the English crown to settle in Seventeenth
Century Northern Ireland.  Little did they know that a century *later*,
these same Protestant beliefs would lead to their persecution.  For you
see, they were not Angli-- (Suddenly interrupted by a sob from O'Neill.)
What?  It has a happy ending.

O'NEILL: (sniffle, sniffle, sob)  Oh Daria... *why* must you remind me of
how my people were beaten down by the *Ulsterites*?!

(Daria gets a stunned "O-kaaaaay" look on her face.)

(cut to: )

SCENE 5 (lockers, after class)

(Shot of Jane and Daria standing at their lockers.  Daria still looks
unnerved by O'Neill's outburst.)

DARIA: (annoyed)  That went well.  Maybe tomorrow we can discuss the potato
famine.

JANE:  Aw, c'mon, cheer up.  Mr. O'Neill's eyes ought to unswell *any* day now.

(Just then, we see a bunch of kids trudge past in the foreground, mumbling
and cursing.)

JANE:  Ahhh, a *new* crop of sinners for Ms. Li to sentence. (taps her
fingers together with faux anticipation.)

DARIA:  I predict  death by electric chair.  Or by crushed ribs from too
many stacked rocks.

JANE:  The way she's doling out suspensions, pretty soon we'll be able to
fit all the students into a single class. (smirks wickedly.)  Which, of
*course*, will make it easy for us to get dirt on the popular people and
use it against them.

(Before Daria can reply, we see DeMartino chasing Li down the hallway,
looking even more agitated then usual.)

DeMARTINO:  I don't underSTAND, Ms. Li -- why *can't* I even call the WHITE
students names?!

MS. LI: (irritated)  *Because*, Mr. DeMartino -- sooome of those names
might have components deemed *offensive* to minority students.  Damned if
I'm going to put *my* ass over the fire so *you* can unleash your daaaily
avalanche of *abuse*.

DeMARTINO: (clasping hands)  But Ms. Li, *have* some huMANity!  *Think* of
Kevin Thompson.  *THINK* OF KEVIN THOMPSON!!!  (shouts this as he follows
Li offscreen.)

DARIA:  Think of how quickly he'll crack if he loses his primary method of
torture.

JANE: (smirking)  Brookside beware.

(Beat)

DARIA:  On a more serious note: doesn't it seem to you like this rash of
suspensions is just furthering our school's reputation for being a
*Stalingrad*?

JANE: (frowning mildly)  Maybe... but at least this time Our Tormentor has
her stone-cold heart in the right place.  Didn't you ever notice how
frequently words like "nigger" and "gook" and "wetback" got tossed around
without *any* punishment?

DARIA:  I guess.  (frowns.)  Though I was too busy fending off my *own*
share of nasty comments to pay attention.

(Just then, Jodie and Mack come up.)

MACK:  Hey, you guys!  You both did a really good job today.

DARIA: (sardonic)  Liar.

MACK:  Say Jane, it was cool hearing about your dad's Comanche background.

JANE: (smirking)  Yes, well where *else* do you think the Lane family gets
its good looks from?

MACK:  I'm kind of embarrassed to admit this, but even though I'm a
"minority," I've never taken much time to learn about *other* minorities.

JODIE:  Yeah, me neither.  I liked your presentation, too, Daria.
(smirks.)  What little we got to hear of it.

DARIA:  Yes, well I might have chosen differently, had Quinn not claimed
Judaism all for herself.

(Sweeping pan-over to where Quinn is standing with Tiffany and Stacy.
Quinn's in a chipper, dramatic mode.)

QUINN:  ... and if they hadn't left Germany *fifty* years earlier, they
*definitely* would've been exterminated by the Nazis.

STACY:  Oooooooooh...

TIFFANY:  *Close* call.

QUINN:  Hearing about my people's struggles have, like, *totally* made me
want to find out more about them.  So I've been plugging my dad for some
info., and I might even like, *learn* the language or something.
(chuckles.)  Like, listen to some of these expressions. (Bt.  heavy
Brooklyn accent.)  Gawd, Stacy, sometimes you can be *such* a goy!  Oy
*vey*!

TIFFANY:  Cooool.  (claps a little.)

STACY: (looking worried)  What's a "*goy*"?

(Quinn shrugs.)

TIFFANY: (to Stacy)  It's a gentile.

QUINN: (surprised)  You *know* the termonology??

STACY: (more worried)  What's a "*gentile*"??

TIFFANY: (to Quinn)  Yeah.  My parents, like, taught it to me.

QUINN:  Oh *right* -- 'cause *they're* Jewish, too.  (faint note of regret
-- *she'd* wanted to be the only Jewish person.)  So that, like, means you
could be in the Israel booth with me at the fair this Friday.

TIFFANY: (regretful)  I *can't*.  I got stuck with the *China* booth.

QUINN:  But you *are* Chinese, aren't you?

TIFFANY:  Yeeeah, but that doens't mean I, like, *know* stuff.  My parents
tried to make me go to Chinese school once, but it was soooooo boring.
They make you learn all those *symbols*.

QUINN:  Eww... sounds hard.

TIFFANY:  I *wanted* to be in the South America booth... the outfits they
wear are soooooo *cute*.

(Meanwhile, neither notices that Stacy has started hyperventilating.  She
now bursts into tears.)

QUINN:  Stacy??

(Beat)

STACY:  I *tried* and I *tried*, but I couldn't find *any* oppressed
minorities in *my* background.  I'm not interesting at aaaaaallllll!!!

(Quinn reaches over and pats her back sympathetically.)

QUINN:  There, there, Stacy, it's okay. (Bt)  Whoever said you were?

(Resume shot of Daria, Jane, Jodie, and Mack.)

DARIA:  Not that I care she took it.  I'm not gonna pretend to love a
culture I don't know anything about, just to make the school think I'm not
prejudiced.

MACK:  What do you mean "pretend"?

DARIA:  Doesn't our classmates' sudden embrace of minorities seem
superficial to you?  Do you really think that deep down, people's opinions
have changed?

JODIE:  Well no... at least not in a major way.  But then again, I never
thought it would happen overnight.  You have to start somewhere, and *this*
is somewhere.

DARIA: (cocking an eyelid)  That's not quite the attitude you had a week ago.

JODIE:  Hey, a week ago I was scared of what might happen.  I thought for
sure people would treat me like some alien from another planet.  But not
only have they been supportive, they've even gone... (smirks.) overboard.
And talking about stuff to you guys in O'Neill's class helped me a lot.  A
*lot*.

MACK:  Same with me.  You don't know how great it is to have people look at
you and realize: "That black dude has *feelings*."

DARIA:  I'm sure it must be.  About as nice as it would be to have someone
say the same about the "Misery Chick" and her "weird art friend."

JODIE:  Yeah.  Discussion's been sort of limited to race and ethnicity,
hasn't it?

JANE: (offhand)  The outcasts fall to the bottom of the barrel -- so what
else is new? (Bt)  At least injustice is being fought on *one* front.

JODIE & MACK:  Right.

DARIA:  And if there are enough people at school by the end of this week,
we'll see how well the message of racial tolerance has sunk in.

JODIE:  You mean...?

JANE:  The suspensions.  It's nice to see some idiots get what's coming to
them, but y'know, I'll bet half of the kids in trouble didn't even *mean*
to sound racist.

MACK:  Maybe not.  (suddenly frowns.)  But you can do a lot of damage just
by saying stuff without thinking.

JANE: (smirking)  Hey, you don't need to tell me and Daria that.

DARIA:  So you support the "throw the book at them under any circumstances"
approach?  (Mack nods.  Daria looks at Jodie.)  And *you*?

JODIE:  Well yeah... sure.  (Bt.  with more conviction.)  If there's one
thing I'm realizing, it's that there are a lot of people hiding in the
cracks who will try to hurt you.  Better to find them than to let them keep
on hiding.

(Beat.  Obviously this was an answer Daria wasn't expecting, and the
disappointment she feels can be seen ever-so-slightly on her face, if not
heard in her tone.)

DARIA:  So I s'pose that went for Sandi Griffin as well.

JODIE:  Yeah.  (surprised to hear Daria mention her name.)

JANE:  Geez, who if *not* Sandi Griffin?  (a little bitter.)  Let *her* see
what it feels like to be in the doghouse because of her attitude.

MACK: (to Daria, trying not to sound irritated)  You're not saying you
think Jodie did wrong by fingering Sandi, are you?

DARIA: (shrugging)  Not if she knows for a fact that Sandi was guilty.

JODIE:  Of *course* I... (Pause)  All right, I didn't have *absolute* proof
she said anything when I gave her name to Ms. Li, but it *sounds* like
something she'd do.  If not at that time, then *later*.

(Beat.  Again, Daria can't completely conceal her disappointment.  She
cocks an eyelid.)

DARIA:  I see.  Cool.  (Bt)  Well it's getting late, Jane -- we'd better go.

JANE:  Late?  (Something in Daria's bearing makes it clear her suggestion
is urgent.)  Um, yeah, we'd better.  See you guys.

(They leave.  Jodie and Mack watch them for a few seconds, confused by the
suddenness of their departure.  Then, after glancing an "I'll see you
later" to Mack, Jodie goes after them.  She walks up quickly along Daria's
other side.)

JODIE: (mild exasperation)  Daria, did I say something that rubbed you the
wrong way?

(Beat)

DARIA: (clipped)  Nope.

JANE:  Yeah, *I'm* kind of curious, too.

(Beat)

DARIA: (to Jodie)  It's not so much what you said *now* as what you told me
a while ago -- during our crazy "Class Land" experience.  And other times.
(Bt)  Just some boring stuff about how most people are good and how if we
tried, different personality types *could* get along.

JODIE: (rolling her eyes)  No offense Daria, but I never even knew you
believed that stuff.

(Daria frowns with some resentment.  Jane gets a reflective look.)

JANE: (to Jodie)  I guess it's more important that *you* believed it.

DARIA:  And I may be your run-of-the-mill, cold-hearted outcast, but even
*I* know that this "zero tolerance" policy won't do anything to further
that goal.

(Pause.  Jodie reflects on that for a few moments, then grows yet more
frustrated.)

JODIE:  Hey, I still *want* that, okay??  But I'm not gonna give up the
chance to give people their just deserts.  You just don't understand what
it's like!

DARIA: (stopping in her tracks)  Try me.

(Beat.  Jodie and Jane stop, too.  Jodie gets a look of determination.)

JODIE:  I have to deal with people calling me names behind my back...

DARIA:  Oh no, I wouldn't know what *that's* like.  Would you, Jane?

JODIE: (frowning darkly)  I've had people treating me like I don't *belong*
here.  I've been pushed, spit on, *threatened* --

DARIA:  Nope.  Wouldn't have a clue.

JANE: (sardonic)  That nastiness during my campaign was *all* just a
figment of my imagination.

JODIE:  Would you just be *quiet*?!  (Daria and Jane look at her, stunned.)
There's a *difference* between you guys and me.  You *choose* to have
people poke fun at you.

(Pause)

JANE: (surprised)  "Choose"?

DARIA:  I wouldn't call being ostrasized from Day One based on my
personality a "choice."

JODIE:  So??  You wear those clothes, you refuse to participate in school
activities.  *All* you have to do is put on some *normal* clothes and you'd
blend in in a *second*.

(Beat.  Daria and Jane glance at each other, irritated.)

JANE: (sarcastic)  Oh yeah.  It's that simple.

JODIE:  Whereas *I'm* President of the Student Body, I'm on practically
*every* club imaginable, I'm a straight-A student, and I *still* get
harassed.  I'm a model teenager, and it's not *enough*.  I've done
*everything* I possibly could to blend in, and it's *still* not enough!

(Daria and Jane listen expressionlessly.  Jodie is red-faced and agitated,
making jerky motions with her hands as she speaks.)

JODIE:  You think I work as hard as I do just to please my *parents*??  NO
-- it's because I want people to know me for who I *am* before they decide
by my skin color that I'm something *else*.  And you will *never*
understand what that's like!

(long Pause)

DARIA: (quiet, cool)  You're right.  I wouldn't understand what it's like
to be judged unfairly.  I'm white.  (Bt)  Come on, Jane...

JANE: (quiet)  See you around, Jodie...

(fade-out.  fade-in to: )

SCENE 6 (lockers, after school)

(Shot of Stacy and Tiffany walking away from their lockers together.
Suddenly Quinn comes toward them from the opposite direction.  They both
freeze when they see her -- obviously her presence wasn't expected.)

QUINN: (chipper)  Hey guys!  Got sprung from math prison 'cause Mr. Phelps
got in trouble for mispronouncing a student's last name, so what d' you say
we go hit Cashman's?

(Pause)

TIFFANY:  Um...

STACY: (timid)  Um... we'd like to, Quinn, but Tiffany and I have to go
somewhere.  Not *together*, of course, just...

TIFFANY:  Yeah.  *Not* together.

(Beat)

QUINN: (suspicious)  Oookay.  (Bt)  So where are you going -- *separately*?

(Pause)

STACY:  Um... (winces.)  not to Sandi's.

TIFFANY:  No way.

QUINN: (rolling her eyes)  Why are you guys going to Sandi's?

STACY:  Um... we're just going to, um, give her her as-assignments.

QUINN:  Why?  You know she'll never do them.

STACY:  Yeah, but... we just wanna (quickly.) see-how-she's-doing.  (Bt.
bursts out.)  We're *sorry*, Quinn!!  We would've *told* you, but we know
how you hate Sandi, and --

QUINN: (quiet)  I don't hate Sandi.

TIFFANY:  You don't?

STACY:  B-but you always get so *mad* whenever we mention her name, so we
thought --

QUINN: (flat)  Well you were wrong.  I don't hate Sandi -- Sandi hates me.
(Bt)  Look, why don't you guys go?  I'll see you tomorrow.

(She leaves immediately.)

(cut to: )

SCENE 7 (Landon residence, that evening)

(Shot of the outside.  Cut to shot of Jodie and Mack sitting in Jodie's
room.  Jodie's sitting up on her bed, hugging her knees, wearing a troubled
expression.)

JODIE: (weary)  Well Mom and Dad are happy.  You should've heard them at
dinner, about power to the people and finally getting the school to see
what's been unseen 'til now.  The only thing they're upset about is having
to pay Daria's mom's legal fees.

MACK:  That's great.  (Bt.  sympathetic.)  Isn't it?

(Jodie sighs quietly.)

JODIE:  Sure.  (Bt)  But I've also been thinking: maybe Daria had a point
earlier today.

MACK: (rolling his eyes with slight exasperation)  What -- you mean her
point about Ms. Li's crackdown on racists in the student body?  Listen
Jodie, Daria may think she's right about everything, but that doesn't mean
she *is*.  You have *every* reason to be glad the school's finally
listening to us.

JODIE:  Yeah, but --

MACK: (firm, smirking slightly)  If there's *one* problem you have, it's
that you're too into self-denial.  If someone complains "It's not fair,"
you automatically think you have to compensate them.   Well just *enjoy*
getting benefits for once.  Just because some people have been hard hit, or
because outcasts aren't getting the same good response as *we* are, doesn't
mean things won't correct themselves eventually.

(Jodie seems mildly reassured by Mack's response.  But then another
troubled look crosses her face.)

JODIE:  I hope so... because sometimes I feel as though this crackdown
isn't doing any good.

MACK: (startled)  What d'you mean?

JODIE:  I still see the nasty looks... don't you?

(Beat)

MACK: (a little uncomfortable)  Yeah... sometimes.  But things are *still*
better than they were.  And if youkeep seeing the looks, *go* to the
principal and complain.  *Don't* be afraid to speak up about this.

(Beat)

JODIE:  All right.  (Pause.  We hear the phone on her side table ring.
Jodie reaches for it, and is about to pick it up, but it stops on the
second ring.  She lays her arm across her knees again and sighs.)  And
while I'm at it, maybe I could say something to Mr. O'Neill about his
approach to teaching about minority cultures.  I have to agree with Daria
on that point -- it *is* kind of shallow.

MACK:  You think?

JODIE:  I mean it's all "suffering" this, "suffering" that.  How we as a
race of people have suffered.  No one at school's been learning about the
positive aspects of black or other cultures -- *or* that there's more than
*one* type of black experience.  Some of the discrimination Mr. O'Neill's
been talking about is stuff *I've* never had to deal with.

MACK:  Hmm... then maybe you *should* say something to him.

JODIE:  But it just makes me feel guilty, you know?  Like: "Geez, they've
done so much for us already.  I can't ask them for any *more* favors, or
they'll accuse me of being *ungrateful*."

(Beat)

MACK: (shaking his head slowly)  Yeah -- sadly enough, I *do* know.

(Just then we hear a knock on the door.)

RACHEL: (offscreen VO)  Jodie -- phone for you.  (Bt)  It's Sandi Griffin.

(Jodie looks at Mack, stunned.  Then she frowns angrily.)

JODIE:  I'm almost afraid to hear what she has to say.

(Slowly she reaches over and picks up the phone.  Places it against her ear.)

JODIE: (cautious)  Hello?

(Pause)

SANDI: (from the receiver.  icy)  I have just one thing to say to you.  I
do not know *where* you got the idea that I was one of the *morons* who
said racist stuff to you, but frankly, I am insulted.

JODIE: (slightly stunned)  Oh really?

SANDI:  Yes, *really*.  And for the humiliation you've put me through, I
believe an *apology* is in order.

(Beat)

JODIE:  You want *me* to apologize to *you*?

SANDI:  Are you having trouble *hearing*, or something??

(Pause.  Jodie feels herself growing angrier.  Her grip on the phone tightens.)

JODIE: (cold)  You want an apology??  Okay, fine.  (Bt)  *Here's* your apology.

(She slams the phone down on its cradle.)



****************
END OF ACT TWO

[Split screen of Andrea beating bean bags on the floor and O'Neill
shuddering dramatically.]


***You are now entering *SUPERBOWL* commercial *HELL*!!!!!!  Please keep
your seatbelt securely fastened.  You are about to see some of the lamest,
most *EXPENSIVE* commercials put on television.***

**Following a bloated, confusing halftime special which was heavy on Disney
promotion (on Disney-owned ABC, of course) and themes of globalization and
the millennium (what else?)...**

1)  One of the very best commercials was the cat-herding one.  A bunch of
lone rangers chased dozens of *housecats* across the prairie on horseback.
At one point, a couple bemoaned the number of scratches they had received
as a result of their "dangerous" work.  The commercial really had no point
(it was for another e-company), but other than that, it was priceless.
*10* for special effects, *8* for humor, for an overall rating of *9*.

**Back to the game.  Quarterback throws a pass.  Wide receiver catches it.
Coach calls a time-out.  We break for another commercial...**

2)  Another great commercial was one that spoofed the GAP commercials.  You
see a bunch of twenty-somethings standing around like zombies, dressed the
same and singing in an eery monotone, when suddenly they're scared off by
an Oldsmobile.  The message: be original.  I'd give it a *7* for the
surprise factor, *5* for the song selection, and a *6* for the
attractiveness of the models, giving it an overall rating of *6*.

**The game.  Setting up for a field goal.  It's... *no* good!  How 'bout a
commercial?**

3)  *ENOUGH* Regis Philbin!!!  He was prancing through every promo for an
ABC show, from "Sports Night" to "Dharma and Greg."  Just because he's on a
highly-successful quiz show doesn't mean he himself is irresistible.  At
one point when he appeared, I couldn't resist changing the channel...

***You are now leaving *SUPERBOWL* commercial *HELL*. Aren't you happy you
survived?  No... because that means you have to watch the game. ; >***


ACT THREE

SCENE 1 (Lawndale High, Friday morning)

(Shot of the outside of the gym.  SUPER: Day of Multicultural Fair.)

(The fair is the "crown jewel" of O'Neill's plans for promoting diversity.
It's a day-long event which will consist of several booths from different
parts of the world, and a central circle where performances will be given.
Most students will be free to come and go as they please; the rest are in
charge of manning the booths and setting up.)

(Cut to shot of Daria and Jane on the gym floor, struggling to unfold table
legs, as the booths sprout up around them.  It's a pretty amusing sight --
just imagine them trying *every* way imaginable to pry the legs into place.)

DARIA:  Remind me again how we got talked into doing this.  (leans her back
against the table while she uses her own legs to push out the table's.)

JANE:  'Cause Mr. O'Neill urged us to come -- said it would be a good
experience.

DARIA:  But that doesn't explain why we're torturing ourselves on these
tables  -- *agh*! (as a bar smacks into her hand.)

JANE:  It gets us out of class.  (shrugs.)  And we're suckers.

DARIA:  I thought so.

(Shot of Quinn and Stacy walking on the other side of the gym, huffing and
puffing under the load of two heavy boxes.)

STACY:  What's (*huff*) *in* here??

QUINN:  My (*huff*) Dad went a little *overboard* last night when he lent
me his old (*huff*) things.  (Bt.  firm)  But you *promised* you'd help me,
so you can't back out now.

(Just then, an energized O'Neill bounds up to them.)

O'NEILL:  *Good* morning, girls!  Isn't it a *perfect* day for a
multicultural fair??

STACY & QUINN: (grunting)  Hghhh.

O'NEILL:  And I assume *those* are for the Israel booth, right?

QUINN: (weary)  Yes.

O'NEILL:  *Excellent*!   Now follow me, and we'll go *fire* up the grill!

(Pause)

STACY & QUINN:  Grill??

O'NEILL:  For frying *latkes*!  (rubs his stomach.)  Mmmmm...

(Quinn and Stacy drop the boxes with a loud clatter.)

(fade-out.  fade-in to: )

SCENE 2 (a short time later)

(Shot of Daria and Jane struggling to lift a canopy over one of the tables.)

JANE:  So you're saying you think Jodie was *wrong* to finger Sandi as a
racist?

DARIA: I haven't joined the Cult of Griffin, if you're worried.  But my
"Class Land" nightmare *did* teach me that Jodie could sometimes let
hostility get the better of her.

JANE: (nodding slowly)  Could be... could be.  (Bt. gets an uncomfortable
look.)  But even so... I did *not* enjoy fighting with her.  It made me
feel really, really, really...

DARIA:  Bleh.

JANE:  Yes, *bleh*.  (Bt)  I mean *geez*, this is *Jodie*.  She's *always*
been one of the good ones.  Even when we disagreed on stuff, there were no
hard feelings.  And now, we're picking each other apart trying to figure
out who's more oppressed than *whom*.  (worried.)  Is this how things are
going to *be* now in this supposedly *more* tolerant environment?

DARIA: (also a bit worried)  Let's hope not.

JANE:  I've always called Jodie a friend, even though we run with different
crowds.  (Bt)  I don't want that to change.

(Beat)

DARIA:  You and me both.  (Bt)  But I suppose if I'm forced, kicking and
screaming, to find a silver lining, it's that we got to hear each other
out.  We heard more of her side, and she heard more of ours.

JANE:  Yeah.  (shrugs.)  And I guess she did have a point about the color
of her skin.  Because she's black, someone could just look across the room
and hate her guts, whereas with *us* --

DARIA:  They'd have to get to know our personality first.

JANE:  Yeah -- assuming we were dressed like prep school weinerheads.
(shrugs again.)  And having to serve as a role model for an entire minority
group can't be too much fun, either.

DARIA:  Nope.

(Pause.  They look at each other, resigned.)

JANE:  So you think we ought to find Jodie and try to sort things out?

(Beat)

DARIA:  Sure.  (Bt)  But maybe after this fair hooplah is over with.  I'm
almost afraid of what this thing will be like.  (Bt)  On second thought, I
*am* afraid.

JANE:  Oh, I'm sure a nice, cleansing sobfest won't be *so* bad.  (Pause.
She gets an uneasy look on her face.)

(cut to: )

SCENE 3 (a short time later)

(Shot of Jodie standing in another corner of the gym.  She's just arrived
to help out, and has spotted Daria and Jane.  At first she makes a move to
go over and talk to them, then changes her mind.  She's been avoiding them
for the past few days, and they her.  She fears now that if she went over,
she'd get the cold shoulder.  Instead, Jodie chooses to take in the
festivities that are going up around her.  She appears to like what she
sees, but we sense a growing level of uneasiness in her demeanor.  Just
then, O'Neill comes up to her.)

O'NEILL:  Jodie!  I'm *glad* I found you!  How do you like the way things
are set up??

(Beat)

JODIE: (mustering an enthusiastic tone)  Oh, it's *great*.  (Bt)  But,
um... Mr. O'Neill, what's that??  (points offscreen.)

(Pan over to show a bunch of students walking into the center of the gym.
They're slumped over and dressed in raggedy clothing, their faces bleak.
Resume shot of Jodie and O'Neill.)

O'NEILL:  *That* is one of the events I've set up.  (dramatic)  It's a
*re-enactment* of the Trail of *Tears*.  Students who choose to do so can
experience what it was like to be Cherokee Indians *driven* from their
homeland by *unfeeling* white soldiers. (Bt.  points elsewhere offscreen.)
*Then*, over there in the corner, you can watch a *spirited* (fist pump.)
narration of *Uncle Tom's Cabin* with *shadow* puppets.  Witness Tom's
struggle with one master after another, subjected to beatings by the *evil*
Simon L--

JODIE: (nervous)  Mr. *O'Neill*.  (He looks at her quizzically.)  We... I
think we have to talk.

O'NEILL:  Okay...

(Fade-out.  Fade-in to close-up of O'Neill's face, wearing a thoughtful
expression.  Cut to wide shot.  Several minutes have passed, during which
Jodie, looking distressed, has been explaining her thoughts about Mr.
O'Neill's plans.  She finally stops, and pulls back almost as thought she's
ashamed.)

O'NEILL:  Hmm...

JODIE:  Mr. O'Neill, *please* don't feel bad.  I really appreciate all
you've done, it's just --

O'NEILL:  No, no, Jodie, you don't ever need to make excuses.  (pats her on
the back lightly.)  Those were *excellent* observations you made.  Why not
*broaden* the fair to present a more *diverse*, enriched image of minority
lifestyles??  (Bt.  shakes his head.)  I guess I just felt so guilty I
hadn't been showing more *compassion* to minority students, I got carried
away with the darker view.

JODIE: (sincerely)  It's okay, Mr. O'Neill -- I know you've meant well.

O'NEILL:  Perhaps you could help come up with ways to *tone* things down.
(another thoughtful expression crosses his face.)  And perhaps *I* could
take care of another problem...

(cut to: )

SCENE 4 (sometime later that afternoon)

(Overhead shot of the fair, now fully set up.  It looks pretty colorful,
with a lot of booths and posters and tapestries scattered all over the
place.  Thanks to Jodie, a lot of the bleak stuff has been removed.
Instead of watching performances, most students are taking the time to
explore the different booths, ask questions about them, and talk casually
amongst themselves.  *And* gorge on food offered at the booths.  Although
students aren't required to stay at the fair long, many have -- both to get
out of class and because they're genuinely interested.  Yet don't look for
this fair to be the epitome of racial and ethnic awareness [it is a
*school* fair, after all].  Many of the students are wearing generic
costumes that depict a certain culture, or put stereotypical relics of that
culture on display.  But when you consider how *non-existant* anything of
diversity was at LHS beforehand, this seems like a significant step.)

(Cut to close-up shot of Li walking around, inspecting everything with her
usual no-nonsense frown.  She finally pauses next to O'Neill, who's been
watching everything from the sidelines.)

MS. LI:  Eeeevrything seems in order, Mr. O'Neill.  Though I'll be sending
out the dogs and activating the metal detectors *just* in case.

O'NEILL:  Yes... everything looks really super.  Oh, but I *had* hoped that
*more* students would attend.

MS. LI:  Yes, well *maybe* if they hadn't defied the "zero tolerance"
policy, they'd still be allowed in school *to* attend.

O'NEILL: (hand to his mouth)  Oh my.  So *many*??

(Cut to close-up of the Israel booth.  We see that there's a long line of
students in front of it, poised to get latkes.  Quinn is standing at the
grill, dressed in the outfit of an Orthodox Jewish woman, with a shawl,
etc.  She looks extremely vexed.  Stacy is next to her, dressed as an
Orthodox Jewish man -- dark suit, hat, and a phony beard.  She appears to
be absorbed in reading a book.  There are several books on display,
including the Hebrew Bible, as well as dreidels and other items.  On the
back wall hangs a large poster which depicts Israel over the last 50 years.)

QUINN: (irritated.  to the students)  Haven't you vultures had *enough*??
These are *just* a bunch of greasy flattened *potatoes* -- you might as
well just buy some French fries!  (touches her forehead.)  Ewwwww!  Between
the icky grease and the heat, my skin is a total *mess*!

(The students don't care; they continue to line up for the latkes.  Stacy
doesn't respond, being too absorbed in the book.)

QUINN:  All these'll do is make you gain twenty pounds an' *break* out!
(reaches for her hair, fingers the shawl with irritation.)  And could this
outfit be any more *dowdy*??  It's enough to make me reconsider this whole
going-Jewish thing.  I should've done what Tiffany did and traded to be in
the South America booth.

(Cut to shot of Tiffany in the South America booth, admiring herself in a
swimsuit.)

TIFFANY:  I'm cuuuuuuuute.

(Resume shot of Quinn and Stacy.)

QUINN: (glaring)  *Stacy*!

(Stacy looks up, startled.)

STACY:  Oh... sorry, Quinn.  You know, this book says that Jehovah really
*isn't* the ancient name for God -- that a Christian scholar read the
Hebrew word wrong.  But they're not even sure how the *right* word for God
was pronounced because only the ancient Jewish high priests were allowed to
say it -- everyone else called him "Adonais," which means --

QUINN: (impatient)  *Fascinating*.  Stacy, would you take *over*, now??

STACY:  Oh, sure.  (Bt)  And it *also* says that King Herrod's family
hadn't been Jewish for very long by the time he became king.  They got
converted by John Hyrcanus of the Maccabees --

QUINN:  John hired Mack's anus *what*??

STACY:  No -- *Maccabees*.  They were the ones who saved the Jewish temple
from becoming a Greek temple.  And Herrod was the king at the time of
Jesus.  (Bt)  Quinn, could I borrow this?

(Beat)

QUINN: (mystified by her enthusiasm)  Sure.  (rolls her eyes.)  Go knock
yourself out.

(Meanwhile, cut to shot of Jodie and Mack, who have been manning the Africa
booth.  We see several colorful artifacts, but instead of sitting back and
showing them to people, both are busy chit-chatting with the people in the
Carribean Islands booth next door.  Jodie is talking to one girl, and Mack
is talking to a few guys.)

JODIE:  The *same* town??  I can't believe it.

GIRL: (nodding)  From the way I look, no one would guess I had a black
relative from the Bermuda.  Most of my family came from Cuba.

JODIE:  I wonder if my grandfather and your grandmother knew each other.

GIRL: (shrugging)  It was small town.  I wouldn't be surprised.

JODIE:  Do you have any more pictures?  If you're willing to wait, I can
run home real quick and get some of my own...

(Cut to shot of Mack, who's been giving the history of his relatives to the
other students.)

MACK:  ... And so it was kind of a Romeo and Juliet thing.  Great-grandpa
was black, Great-grandma was white, their families were against the
marriage.  (smirks ruefully.)  Sure, they had to break off contact from
their loved ones and stamp out a few burning crosses in their frontyard,
but hey, as they say, love conquers all.

GUY:  Whoa, man.  Did they make it?

MACK:  As a couple, you mean?  (shaking his head.)  After sixty-years
together, they finally got taken down.  (Bt)  By old age.

(The guy momentarily looks stunned, then gets what Mack said, and gives him
a light punch on the shoulder.)

GUY:  Way to throw us for a loop, bro.  You tell a mean story.

GUY 2:  Yeah.  You know, I was kind of reluctant to come to this fair
O'Neill had planned.  But it's turned out to be okay.

MACK:  Didn't want to come?  Why not?

GUY 2: (shrugging)  Ah... you know.  Thought everything would be all
*serious*, and I'd say the wrong thing and people'd think I was a bigot, or
something.

MACK: (stunned)  *Oh.*  (gets a thoughtful look on his face.)  Hmmm...

(For a few moments he sits there and reflects, as though he's realizing
something for the first time.  Then he looks offscreen and groans loudly.)


(Pan over to show Kevin not far in the distance.  He's busy eating a kabob
-- rather sloppily, too.  The sauce drips all over him and on the floor.
He walks cheerfully and obliviously up to DeMartino, who's observing the
goings-on at the fair from the sidelines.)

KEVIN:  Heeeeeyyyy, Mr. D!  *Neat-o* costume!

(DeMartino glances around, trying to see if he can get away with uttering
something nasty.  Finally he realizes he can't.)

DeMARTINO:  (gritting teeth)  I'm not WEARING one, Kevin, my *fine* LAD.

(Kevin flicks his hand, so that sauce from the kabob flies onto DeMartino's
shirt.)

KEVIN:  Oops.  (grins)  Sorrrrrryyyy.

DeMARTINO:  That's OKAY, my boy.  (grits his teeth harder, his eye nearly
pops out.)  Try to be a *little* more CAREful next time.

KEVIN:  Nooooo *problem*, Mr. D.  (claps him on the shoulder, and is
rewarded by a nearly teeth-shattering scowl.  Just then, Kevin spies Mack
offscreen and waves.)  Heeeeyyyy, Mack Daddy!

MACK: (offscreen)  *How* many times have I *told* you -- DON'T call me that!!

(Kevin waves at him again, nonchalant.  Just then, as if on cue, Ms. Li
appears.  She glares at Kevin.)

MS. LI: (stern)  Mr. *Thompson*, you seem to have called Mr. MacKenzie a
name he finds offeeeeensive.  *Suspended*!  (She leaves.)

KEVIN:  Who is?  (long Pause.  shock)  *Me*?!

DeMARTINO:  *YES*!!!

(Cut to shot of Daria and Jane, who have witnessed this whole thing.)

JANE:  Admit it: *that* was funny.

DARIA: (smirking)  All right, I'll admit *that* was.  (Bt.  takes a bite of
her own kabob.)  But it figures: here we are at Disneyland, and who should
appear but Cruella DaVille?

JANE:  Hmm, "Disneyland"?   (finishes off her latke.)  Why do I have a
feeling that's *not* a flattering comparison?

DARIA: (shrugging a response)  Again, I ask: will any of this *really*
change anything at school?  After we're blinded by the shiny colors and
nearly die of food-poisoning from one too many half-frozen kabobs, who's to
say we won't all have forgotten our lesson in diversity come Monday morning?

(Beat)

JANE:  Yeah, well... a wise person said you gotta start somewhere.  And I
guess this *is* somewhere.  (Bt)  When you think about it, what are the
alternatives?

DARIA:  A P.C. Police State.

JANE:  You said it.  At least here, people are hanging out together, having
a little fun, maybe learning a thing or two about different cultures.
There's no nastiness...

(Cut to shot of Brittany, Andrea, and Upchuck playing Mah-jong at the China
booth.)

BRITTANY: (twirling a lock of hair, frowning at her tiles)  This is *hard*.

UPCHUCK: (smiling wickedly)  Laaaadies... I believe the *Chuckster*
declares himself *winner*.  (gestures at his tiles.)  Now according to our
arrangement, which one of you *lovelies* is going to strip down to her bare
essentials and give me some *loooovin'*??

(Pause.  Brittany and Andrea look at each other, stunned, for a few
seconds.  Then Brittany gives Upchuck a cheerleader's kick where the sun
don't shine, and Andrea picks him up by the scruff of the neck and shoves
him away.)

DARIA: (offscreen)  Other than the usual cruelty and mayhem.

(Cut to shot of Quinn and Stacy.  Quinn's struggling to spin a dreidel.
Stacy's gotten the hang of cooking latkes, and is now spooning out bits of
knowledge from the book she was reading to everyone.)

STACY: (cheerful)  ...And the Pharisees taught a practical form of Judaism,
which wasn't really well-liked by the apocalyptic groups, like the Essenes
and the Christians, who thought purity laws should be strictly observed at
all times...

(Quinn looks up at Stacy dazedly for a few seconds.  Her dreidel collapses
on the table.)

(Cut to shot of Tiffany, Ms. Barch, a few other female students, and Mr.
Phelps at the South America booth.  A girl has just handed Phelps a cup of
coffee.)

PHELPS: (with disdain)  I'm sorry, I just don't like Columbian.  I prefer
the *much* superior flavor of Guatemala Antigua.

BARCH: (rolling her eyes)  Aw *come* on, Snooty -- crushed beans and water
ain't a whole lot different no matter *where* it comes from.

PHELPS: (cool, raising a brow at her)  With that attitude, Janet, you will
*never* brew a decent cup of coffee.

BARCH:  And *you'll* never learn how to get that *stick* out of your ass.
But may I remind you that some poor Columbian woman probably spent every
day *slaving* away in the fields to harvest the beans that went into that
coffee, while the *man* of the house just watched and sipped lemonade.

PHELPS:  I *really* don't think that's true --

BARCH:  So *dammit*, you'll DRINK it!!

(Phelps presses his lips together and glares at her with resentment, but
finally does what she says. Meanwhile Tiffany leans toward him.)

TIFFANY:  Does *this* make me look fat?

(Cut to shot of some guys standing in the far corner of the gym, gazing at
the festivities and smirking and laughing.  Resume shot of Daria and Jane.
Daria sees this, cocks a wary eyelid.)

JANE:  Yeah, you have to start *somewhere*.  But how far you *go* with
multiculturalism depends on how important each person thinks it is.

DARIA: (sardonic)  Individual thought.  Scary.

JANE: (shrugging)  I dunno... it kind of *is* scary.  At least for people
like Jodie, who have to worry about *some* idiots never getting a clue, no
matter how much they're taught.

DARIA:  Hmm... yeah.

JANE: (sly glance)  And *admit* it, my friend.  *You* could stand to have a
little more cultural awareness in your life.

DARIA:  Perhaps.  (Bt.  frowns)  Wait -- you're not saying *I'm* one of the
idiots, are you??

(Jane merely smirks wickedly -- and ducks.)

(fade-out.  fade-in to: )

SCENE 5 (Israel booth, a short time later)

(Shot of Quinn and Stacy.  The line has dwindled; now people mostly drift
by.  Quinn's given up on the dreidel -- she's now flipping through the book
Stacy was looking at.  Stacy's watching people go by.  She sees Ms. Li, and
gets a subdued expression.)

STACY:  Hey, Quinn?  Did you hear that Jamie White got suspended?

QUINN:  Who?

STACY:  You know -- the third J.

QUINN:  Ohhhhh.  (She forgot his name!)  How come?

STACY:  He was standing up for Sandi to Ms. Li.  He said she wasn't *so*
mean, and that she'd apologized to *him* for stuff she'd done.

QUINN:  Oh.  (gets a funny look on her face.)

(Pause)

STACY: (timid)  Do... you... think she said racist things?

QUINN: (shrugging)  Sure she did.  Sandi's capable of lots of stuff.

(Beat)

STACY:  I... don't know.  Sandi wasn't so bad when me an' Tiffany went to
visit her.  She was even kind of nice... for her.

QUINN: (turning to Stacy.  irritated)  Well of *course* she was nice.  She
knows she can't control you guys, anymore.  But the *minute* she becomes
president again, you'd better watch out.

(Beat)

STACY:  Um... yeah.  (Pause.  even more timid -- recognizing the hostility
that is building within her friend.)  Quinn?

QUINN:  What?

STACY:  I thought you told me that you don't hate Sandi, but she hates you.
(Bt)  What makes you think that?

(Quinn tosses her hands in the air and glares at her.)

QUINN:  *God*, Stacy, didn't you pay attention to *anything* she did when
she was president??  (Bt)  She never knew how to give a sincere compliment.
She was *always* putting us down, especially *me*.  She wouldn't listen to
*anything* that didn't mesh with what *she* was thinking.  *Oh*, and then
there's the itty-bitty fact that she was *too* happy to use my vision
problems as an excuse to *dump* me from the Fashion Club.  So I dunno,
Stacy -- maybe *that's* why I think she hates me!

(Pause)

STACY: (quiet)  Wh-why d' you think she acted that way?

QUINN:  How should *I* know??  She was probably just *jealous* of me.
Maybe she doesn't *really* think she has what it takes and hated everyone
who *does*.

(Pause.  Stacy cowers a little under Quinn's icy glare.  She takes a few
steps away.)

STACY:  Oh.  Oh-okay.  (Bt)  That m-makes... um, that makes sense...

(Beat)

QUINN: (mystified by the sudden change in her demeanor)  Geez, Stacy, what
is *wrong* with you??  Why're you acting so *freaked* out all of a sudden??
You act like I'm gonna *bite*, or something.

(Pause)

STACY:  I-I... (takes several deep breathes... is starting to
hyperventilate.)  I'm sorry, Quinn.

QUINN:  Well *snap* out of it.  (chuckles with irritation and amusement.)

STACY:  I-I would, but...

QUINN:  What??

STACY:  I-it's just... (Pause)  I used to get scared around Sandi an' not
say anything right because she was always so m-mean and angry.  And I never
felt that way around you... b-but now... (Pause) since you became
president, y-you sometimes act just *like* her.

(Stacy's mouth trembles; the instant these last words leave her mouth, she
looks as though she regrets them.  Quinn gazes at her -- first with
astonishment, then anger, then with some sorrow.  For the next several
seconds neither speaks.  Finally Quinn tosses a hand in the air with
disgust.)

QUINN:  Watch the booth, Stacy.  I'll be right back.

(She goes to find Ms. Li.)

(Cut to shot of Daria and Jane walking on the other side of the gym.
They've done most of their fair exploration, and are now ready to talk to
Jodie.)

JANE: (looking offscreen)  Hmm, Jodie's not at the Africa booth, anymore.
Wonder where she went...

(cut to: )

SCENE 6 (outside, at that same time)

(Shot of Jodie walking out of the gym, in the direction of her car.  She's
going to run and get the photos of her grandfather from Bermuda, as she
promised the girl at the Caribbean booth.  As she passes one building, the
sound of faint, uncontrolled laughter hits her ears.  Jodie stops, gets a
suspicious frown.  She creeps over and peers around one side of the
building.  From her POV, we see many of the guys Daria spied earlier,
joking amongst themselves.)

GUY: ... Man, did you *see* all those freaky-looking outfits??  That *one*
guy looked like such a big *homo*, I was ready to *pound* him one.

GUY 2:  Dude, let's do it after this *crappy* fair is over with.  Or maybe
we could figure out how to *trash* the fair so it ends early.

GUY:  No way, dude.  Li would kick our asses out of school *so* fast --

GUY 3:  So what??  It's what she'd do anyway, with all her friggin'
suspensions.  At least *this* way we could show 'er how we feel about
having to go to a school that *kisses* minorities' ass.

GUY:  Yeah, I'm sick of having to play *suck* up to the stupid niggers and
wetbacks.  They're taking over!

GUY 2:  You *said* it.  And none of this touchy-feely *crap's* gonna make
me see them as anything *but* niggers and wetbacks.

GUY 3:  So how 'bout let's *trash* the stupid thing.  Show 'em who's boss!

JODIE:  *Dammit*, you'd better not!

(She blurts these words without thinking.  The guys turn and look at her,
first shocked, then with smirks of rage and scorn.)

GUY:  Ooh well look: the one who started it all.

GUY 2:  Awwww... so does that mean you're gonna go cry to your mama and Ms.
Li and tell us *big* bad boys to stop??

JODIE: (face reddening)  You shut the hell up.

GUY 3:  Hey, watch it, ho!

GUY:  Easy, man.  Don't go scaring the poor wussy bitch like that.  You
might make her go wah-wah to that cunt, Li, an' get us kicked out.

JODIE: (low voice)  It'd be what you deserve.

(Beat)

GUY 2:  Ooooh, well look: she *is* gonna go complain.  (immitation of a
baby's whine.)  Wahhhhhh-wahhhhh... I can't keep up with the whiiiiiiite
kids!!!

GUY 3: (playing along)  Wahhhhhhhh... I'm not as *smart* as 'em, my mama's
on welfaaaare... my daddy's flipping burgers... an' the school's gotta
teach Ebonics an' *crap* to me 'cause I can't speak good E-e-engliiiiish!!!

JODIE:  That is *NOT* true!

GUY: (ominous tone)  Y' know, bitch, I'm getting tired of your whining.
Maybe you oughtta be taught a lesson in *fairness*.

GUY 3: (also ominous)  Maybe we oughtta show *you* who's boss.

(The first guy cracks his knuckles and walks slowly toward her.  The other
two follow.  Jodie goes pale, and trembles slightly, but holds her ground.
The guy makes a motion like he's going to hit her, causing Jodie to cringe
slightly.  He then stares at her, starts smirking, and then cracks up.  His
cronies do so as well.  They laugh loudly, pleased with their fake-out.)

GUY:  Thanks a bunch, bitch.  We'll have to do that again sometime...

(He motions to the other two guys.  Feeling that they've worked out their
rage by teasing a black student, they no longer feel like taking revenge on
the fair.  Instead, they all jet away, leaving Jodie red-faced and shaking.)

JODIE: (closing her eyes)  You're not worth it... you're not *worth* it...

(fade-out.  fade-in to: )

SCENE 7 (sometime later)

(Shot of Jodie standing alone at a tether ball court, not far from the gym.
She's been standing there for a while, pushing the ball back and forth,
sometimes softly, other times with a force that causes the ball to nearly
be yanked off its rope.  Her expression is blank, and her eyes look
slightly glazed over.  At long last, she closes her eyes, seeming very,
very tired.  A couple of tears squeeze through the crack in her eyelids and
hover there.  Suddenly, from offscreen, we hear the click-clattering sound
of heels on the pavement.  At first faint, they grow louder and louder.
Jodie show no signs of hearing.  Then: )

SANDI: (offscreen)  *There* you are.

(Jodie looks up.  Without  thinking, she takings the ball and hurls it in
Sandi's direction.  We see that it misses her by a hair, then flies back
and smacks the pole.  Sandi's haughty visage gives way to shock.  She
frantically checks out her hair and nails to make sure they've been
undisturbed, then clenches her fists and glares at Jodie.)

SANDI:  Like, what the HELL was *that* for?!

JODIE: (not putting up with crap)  It's my way of saying *stay* AWAY from
me!!  I'M SICK OF *YOU*, AND PEOPLE *LIKE* YOU!!!  God, you think you *OWN*
THE WORLD!!!  You think you can just *DICTATE* TO PEOPLE what's *fair* and
HOW WE'RE SUPPOSED TO LIVE! (sniffles.)  And you just *bully* people who
don't *agree* with you by hitting them where it hurts *most*!  Well I've
*been* hurt, and I don't want to be hurt anymore, so just stay the *hell*
away!!

(With that, the tears flow harder down her cheeks.  Sandi watches her,
anger giving way to discomfort.)

SANDI:  Geez... I guess this was the wrong time to come...

(Pause.  She turns away and starts to leave.  But after taking a few steps,
she looks back over her shoulder at Jodie. Jodie has covered her eyes and
is leaning against the tether ball pole.  Some of the tears on her cheeks
drip onto her shirt.  Sandi stands there stiffly, then glances around for
someone to relieve her of this awkward situation.  Finally she turns and
reluctantly heads back over to Jodie.  She reaches into her purse and
extracts a lacy handkerchief.)

SANDI: (stiff)  Um, here.  (offers it to Jodie.)  You can, like, *use* it
if you want.  But it was specially designed by Calvin Klein *himself*, so
try not to *stain* it too much.

(long Pause.  Finally Jodie makes a jerking motion with her hand to show
that she refuses.  She turns away and tries to wipe her tears off with her
sleeve.  Looking a tad insulted, Sandi puts the handkerchief back, then
searches through her purse some more.)

SANDI:  Well then maybe you could benefit from a few *skin* ointments.
Puffy skin around the eyes is so *not* attractive.

JODIE: (sniff)  Why are you here??

(Beat)

SANDI:  You, like, hung up the *phone* on me an' I *wasn't* going to go to
your house, so I came *here* to tell you off.  (Bt)  Only that doesn't seem
like the right thing to *do* now.

(Jodie doesn't respond; she sinks down on the ground.  Sandi stands over
her, still looking torn about whether to leave or stay.)

SANDI: (decisive)  I did *not* say racist stuff to you.  I *wouldn't* say
racist stuff to you.  Perhaps I did a *few* things in the past to make you
think -- (interrupted by a sharp laugh from Jodie.)

JODIE:  A *few* things?? (sniff, cough.)  You've never been anything but a
complete *jerk*, even when you try to defend yourself.  From the way you
hurt *Jane*, it seems just *like* you to say hateful things to me if you
thought I was a threat.  (Bt)  So what did I do, Sandi -- show you you're
not as popular as you *think* you are, or something??

(Pause.  During this time, Sandi's face has gone pale.  She now glares at
Jodie.)

SANDI: (cool)  If you, like, weren't a crying *mess* right now, I'd tell
you that your Little Miss Perfect act gets *really* annoying.  And it's all
a big *fake*.  Who's the one saying nasty stuff to *me* --?

JODIE:  Just *go* away.

SANDI:  No!  Not until you tell Li I *didn't* say racist stuff to you.

JODIE: (dripping sarcasm)  Oh, fine, so this is why you came. (sniff) You
just don't want to get a bad rep, is that it??  Well how am *I* supposed to
believe you didn't say anything racist??

SANDI:  Because I *wouldn't*. (eyes narrowing.)  I mean *yes*, you are
*annoying* as hell, thinking that you're always so much *nicer* and better
than everyone else.  But that doesn't *translate* into a problem with your
skin *color*.  If I really wanted to *insult* you, I would start with your
*pores* and work my way up to your hairstyle and *wardrobe* preference.

(Beat.  Jodie listens, a sober look on her face.)

SANDI:  Besides, when I think about that *other* stuff I did, I, um, (gets
an uncomfortable look on her face.)  I... didn't want... I don't want that
again.

(Beat)

JODIE:  Why not?  (Sandi gives her a freezing expression.)  Just *tell* me.
I want to know.

(Pause)

SANDI: (sort of mumbling)  Um, 'cause it was dirty.  I, like, felt really
*gross* afterward, and that is, um, *not* a feeling I want to live with.
(shudders.)  And, um... (Pause)  I don't usually get like that with people
unless they *really* deserve it -- like *Quinn* and her stupid
backstabbing.  If she thought I didn't *know* what she was *up* to, she was
*wrong*.  I couldn't even be *real* friends with her 'cause I just *knew*
she was waiting...  (Pause.  meets Jodie's eyes again, and jerks herself
out of her rant, back into the present.)  And, um... even when I get back
at people, I um... don't... I never got back at them the way I did at that
*Jane* person.

(Pause)

JODIE: (sober)  Why *did* you strike out at Jane like that?

(Pause.  Sandi appears ready with an answer, but then stops and thinks for
a long while.  There is a barely perceivable slump in her shoulders.)

SANDI: (quiet)  I wanted to be popular... I guess.  She didn't *need* to be
popular  -- she was already *used* to being a nobody.  And maybe I just
thought being popular was the most *important* thing, and she wouldn't
*care* if I said mean stuff about her 'cause she was used to it *already*.
I didn't think it... I didn't think...

JODIE:  But you quit student council.  (Sandi frowns a little and cocks a
resolute brow.)  Was it because of how you felt about Jane, or because of
what I said about the other members hating you?

(Beat)

SANDI:  I guess I wanted to quit from the first day I got made the *stupid*
Vice-President.  (Pause.  gets a disgusted look on her face, flings a hand
at Jodie and turns away.)  Well *geez*, I hope you're happy now that I've,
like, told you my *life* story.  I might as well just *go* home, since
you're *obviously* not going to help me out... (starts to leave.)

(Jodie gives Sandi a long, hard lookover.  She stands up slowly.)

JODIE:  No, wait.  (Pause)  I'll tell Ms. Li you weren't acting racist.

(Sandi turns to look at her, shocked.  She wasn't even being manipulative
this time around.)

SANDI:  So you *believe* me, now??

(Jodie doesn't reply.  She just motions at Sandi to follow her, and they
head back toward the gym.)

(cut to: )

SCENE 8 (gym)

(We see Daria and Jane.  They've been shooting the breeze and gorging on
more fair cuisine, and now they get stunned expressions on their faces as
they see Jodie and *Sandi* heading in their direction.  Just as they've
reached them, from offscreen: )

QUINN:  Sandi??

STACY & TIFFANY:  Sandi!

(Sandi turns and looks with silent astonishment  as Quinn, Tiffany, and
Stacy approach her.  Quinn's shawl is off, and her hair is in slight
disarray.  She at first looks stunned to see her nemesis, then irritated.)

SANDI: (even-toned)  Quinn.

JODIE: (noticing her sour expression)  What happened?

QUINN: (sarcastic)  I got *suspended*.  (to Sandi.)  Thanks to *you*.  (to
Jodie.)  *And* you.

JANE:  Come again?

STACY:  Quinn tried to tell Ms. Li that she didn't think Sandi was a
racist, and Ms. Li suspended her.

TIFFANY:  Yeah.

(Sandi gets a look of shock.  Daria cocks an eyelid at her, then at Jodie.
Jodie frowns.)

JODIE:  Why?  *You* didn't say anything offensive, did you?

QUINN: (resentful)  No.  But *she* didn't care.

(Beat)

JODIE:  That just doesn't sound right.

DARIA:  You mean Li not listening to reason and slapping her with an unduly
harsh punishment?

JODIE: (shaking her head)  I'm gonna go talk to her.

(She leaves quickly.  Daria nods at Jane, and they follow.  They leave
Sandi, still in shock, with Quinn, Tiffany, and Stacy.)

(cut to: )

SCENE 9 (Li's office, a short time later)

(Shot of the outside.  Cut to shot of Jodie, Daria, and Jane sitting in Ms.
Li's office, with Li seated across from them in her chair.)

JODIE:  Let me get this straight: you suspended Quinn Morgendorffer for
protesting *another* student's suspension??

MS. LI:  That is correct.

JODIE:  But *why*??  Her mother's the one threatening a lawsuit against the
school because of racism.

MS. LI:  Ohhhh yes.  (cackles.)  *Delicious* irony, isn't it??  (Bt)  Oh,
and while I'm at it, I've been meaning to suspend *Daria* Morgendorffer.
And Jane Lane as well.

DARIA: (deadpan)  Didn't see that one coming.

JANE:  Nope.

JODIE:  Ms. Li, with all due respect, isn't this rather *extreme*?  Why not --?

MS. LI: (irritated)  Ooh-hooo, *extreme*, Ms. Landon??  That is the *price*
we pay for keeping the school free of violence or intolerance.  (Bt)  Of
course, your *parents* could just teach you children how to *respect* other
students' rights to exist, but ohhhhhh *no*!  That would require them to
take five minutes out of their hectic twenty-four-seven worrrrrkoholic
*lives* to actually *communicate* with you.  Better to just *leave* it to
the schools -- then when some disturbed little monster spews bullets or
fillllthy language at the student body, they'll know it's not *their* fault.

(Pause.  There's some truth to what Li said, and neither Jodie, nor Daria
nor Jane, can deny it.)

JODIE:  But even so... couldn't you just tone things *down*?  Investigate
the students who actually *say* nasty stuff, instead of ones who just
*look* like they might?  If you keep coming down on students based on
flimsy evidence, you'll encourage a backlash.

MS. LI: (indignant)  Any *lawsuit* they throw at us we'll be *ready* for.
Our actions are leeegally sound.

JODIE:  I'm talking about a *social* backlash.  Bigots who always hated
minorities could see this as proof that their hatred was justified, and
feel they can *still* be mean because they don't have anything to lose.
And the people who we actually *could* teach to be more tolerant might get
resentful because they think they're being treated unfairly.

(As Jodie says this, Daria looks a bit stunned by her change of opinion
since they last spoke of the subject.  Li, too, seems confused.)

MS. LI:  You didn't seem to have these *objections* when I enacted the
"zero tolerance" policy a week ago.  (suspicious.)  What makes you suddenly
so *concerned*??

(Pause)

JODIE:  I guess because I recently learned that *my* judgment isn't
fulproof.  I was really sure Sandi Griffin had written the racist note to
me.  *So* sure, that I never even looked for proof.  I mean, she was
already spoiled and nasty -- her being white just drove me over the edge.

MS. LI: (surprised)  So you're saying Ms. Griffin is iiiinnocent??

(Beat)

JODIE: (with slight hesitation)  At least she isn't *guilty*.  (Bt)  She
told me some stuff that made me realize I'd come down on her too quickly.
If she hadn't come to confront me, I might still be sitting on the ground
outside, crying my eyes out. (Pause.  She gets quizzical looks from Li,
Jane, and Daria.  Instead of explaining, she says, with realization:)
Look, Ms. Li: what if you toned down your policy and created new ones that
focused on students *talking*?? I've learned a lot more today about racial
issues from doing *that* than from any other method.

MS. LI:  Ha *right*, missy!  It'll be a *cold* day in *hell* before I
relinquish the "zeeeeero" tolerance policy.  Not with a group of minority
parents *threatening* to cut my throat the moment one of their progeny gets
an unkiiiiiind word.

(Pause.  Jodie lowers her eyes and turns her head toward Daria.  She looks
at her with a meaningful expression.  Daria nods slightly and cocks an
eyelid that says, "I concur."  Finally Jodie turns back to Li.)

JODIE:  What if I asked them to back down from their threat?

(Beat)

MS. LI: (eyeing Daria)  What about your *mother*??

DARIA:  I'll distract her with a newspaper headline about unequal pay for
equal work.

(Pause)

MS. LI:  All right.  If you can *do* that, then I'll agree.

(Jodie looks back at Daria and Jane with a faintly triumphant smile.  They
smirk back at her.  All is forgiven.)

(cut to: )

SCENE 10 (Lawndale High, the following week)

(Shot of Jodie walking down the hall with Mack.)

MACK: (shaking his head)  I don't know, Jodie.  I *still* think you're
letting them off too easy.

JODIE:  What d' you mean?  Those jerks who made fun of me will still get
investigated for saying nasty things.  It's just that now, they won't
automatically be guilty.

MACK:  It just seems like too easy a way for them to get away with what
they did.  (Bt)  And as for Sandi: you *really* think she didn't write that
note to you??

(Jodie shrugs.)

JODIE:  Maybe she did, maybe she didn't.  I don't know *who* wrote it.
Maybe one of those guys did.  Maybe it was someone I never met.  But the
point is, for my own peace of mind, I'm gonna let it go.

MACK: (shaking his head again)  I don't know, Jodie...

JODIE: (resolute)  *Michael*, hating people and blaming people were just
making me upset all the time.  If I kept on doing it, I would feel even
less comfortable in school than I did *before* all this started.  I don't
*want* to lose my friends, and I don't want to stop thinking that most
people at this school are good.

(Beat)

MACK: (conceding slightly)  I see your point.  But optimism alone isn't
gonna curb racism.  You have to get *agressive*, too.

JODIE: (patting his arm.  encouraging)  Well then maybe *you* can be the
watchdog for *both* of us.  If you see anyone acting racist, or for that
matter sexist or homophobic, speak up about it, and encourage others to do
so, too.  Just *please* don't let it drown out everything about you that's
nice and decent, okay?

MACK: (smirking)  Sure.

(Meanwhile, cut to shot of Daria and Jane standing at their lockers.  Both
are holding books, and Daria is red.)

JANE: (smirking)  Well, well... O'Neill *sure* knows how to give an apology.

DARIA:  He might have chosen a subtler approach than by staging the Irish
Peace Accords.  (conceding.)  But I suppose it was nice of him to say that
the Northern Irish were victims, too, of pointless bloodshed in the name of
religion.

JANE:  Yeah... and to think it was something he heard at the *fair* that
made him change his mind.

DARIA:  There's that sweet taste in my mouth again.  Pardon me while I go
gargle some vinegar.

JANE: (smirking)  Speaking of fair, what happened to Quinn and her newfound
faith?

DARIA:  She dropped Judaism like a hot potato after flipping all those
greasy ones.  Then she immediately picked it back up.

JANE:  Why?

DARIA:  It seems *Stacy* is really into Judaism now.  She's learning
Hebrew, ancient Jewish history, and the dimensions of Jennifer Grey's old
nose.  That, plus Tiffany knowing the finer details of Jewish holidays, and
there's no way Little Miss Spotlight Seeker is going to be left behind.  So
they've all decided to make weekend pilgrimages to synagogue.  I predict it
will last until the next major sale at Cashman's.

JANE: (smirking)  But of course.  (Bt.  glances around.)  So this is Day
One after the "zero tolerance" policy ended.  Do *you* notice a difference?

DARIA: (shrugging)  People seem slightly more braindead than usual, which
must mean they're more relaxed.  Otherwise, I'd have to say that this
school doesn't *feel* more tolerant.

JANE:  Well there *is* the new, more *diverse* booklist O'Neill gave out
yesterday.  I'll admit (shakes her book.), *Their Eyes Were Watching God*
is *my* kind of tale.  A woman breaking free of the chains of conformity.
(Bt)  Plus steamy love scenes, *lots* of 'em!  *Yep*... my kind of tale.

DARIA: (cocking an eyelid)  Of course.  (Bt.  holds out her book.)  *All
the Pretty Horses* isn't *so* bad -- though I plan to write my report on
how McCarthy's attempt to show us the real Mexico falls flat on its face
and instead produces an array of stereotypes that do more damage to
Americans' view of our southern neighbors than did the stereotypes that
were already in existence.

(Beat)

JANE:  That's... my Daria.

(Before Daria can reply, we see Sandi walking past her and Jane in the
foreground.  Daria closes her mouth, and she and Jane observe her with
silent interest.  Just as Sandi is nearly offscreen, she stops, then slowly
backpedals.  Stands in front of Jane and Daria wearing an uncomfortable,
yet haughtily resolute, expression.)

SANDI:  Fine.  I suppose it's time I got this *over* with, so we can *both*
get on with our lives.

JANE: (faux innocent)  Get *what* over with??

(Sandi doesn't respond, but instead eyes Daria with suspicion.)

SANDI:  Must *she* be here?

DARIA: (deadpan)  This *is* a free hallway.

JANE: (firm)  The friend stays.  It's in our contract.

SANDI: (not getting Jane's playfulness)  Um... (rolls her eyes, groans.)
All right, *fine*.  (long Pause, as Sandi tries to figure out what to say
without lowering herself *too* much.)  Like, I... stuff... there was... I
did... I...

DARIA:  Easy, there.  Don't try to get them out all at once.  (Bt)  A word
a minute will do.

(Sandi closes her mouth and glares at Daria.  Jane cocks a brow at her
friend as if to say, "Nice job, but that's enough.")

JANE:  Finish with what you were saying, Sandi.

(Pause)

SANDI:  I... just, um... wanted to say.  (inhales, exhales deeply.)  I
did... *stuff* to you a while back that... I, um... like, shouldn't've
*done*, or whatever.

(Pause.  She looks at Jane to see if that will suffice.  Jane says nothing,
looks at Daria.  Daria cocks an eyelid.)

DARIA:  And??

SANDI: (frowning at her)  And I'm s-s... (Pause.  struggles to get out the
words.)  Well, I suppose I'm s-s-s... I'm... I should say that I'm... I'm
(Pause)  er, that I *apologize*.

(Pause.  Jane lets her eyes drift sideways, giving this some consideration.
Finally she looks at Sandi and smirks.)

JANE:  Apology accepted.

SANDI:  Um, good.  (They very awkwardly shake on it, and Sandi shows proper
tact by resisting the urge to wipe her hand off.  Still blushing, she turns
to Daria.)  Like, tell Quinn I said *hello*, or whatever.

(She then leaves quickly.  Daria's face registers faint disappointment.)

DARIA:  Damn.  No "sorry."

JANE: (pleased)  Oh, I'm willing to bet she *was* sorry.

(Beat)

DARIA:  You're the judge.

(Pan over to shot of Jodie, who stopped to watch this scene, unobserved by
all three of them.  She smiles a faint, hopeful smile, then walks on.)



**********************
THE END
[roll the credits.........................]


COMMENTARY


This is another one of those grab-your-head-and-*scream* fanfics, along
with "Outvoted" and "Surreal World."  All three covered large social
subjects (politics and image; voyeuristic TV shows; racism).  And as with
the previous two, I come away from "Primarily Color" feeling like I didn't
show as much as I wanted.

I actually expected all along that I'd feel that way.  If I were to delve
into *every* topic connected to race or ethnicity, including immigration,
bi-lingual programs, issues about religion in school, interracial dating,
Confederate flag -- friend or foe?, et cetera, I would need a novel.  Or
three.  *And* the tone of my work would probably be more sober than it is
in "Primarily Color."  One thing that concerned me was that the tone wasn't
heavy *enough*, given the subject.  But then again, maybe that's a good
thing, given how often race relations are portrayed in a really heated,
emotional way.  Perhaps this fanfic makes the issues of race a bit more
accessible.

I was also *very* tempted to make this fic into one that explored unfair
treatment of groups outside the mainstream as well as of racial/ethnic
minorities.  But it seemed as though that would water things down waaaay
too much, and I really didn't want to take away from Jodie's angst.

Reasons for writing this fanfic?  I guess one reason was because, while
I've seen plenty of fanfics that deal with Jodie's mixed emotions toward
being an overachiever, I haven't really seen one that's dealt with her
feelings about being black.  Yet the show gives plenty of evidence that
she's very aware of her status as a minority and of her responsibility to
other minorities.  In "Gifted," she talks about having to be "Queen of the
Negroes" at school, and of her desire to run a consulting firm that helps
"minority startups."  In "The Lost Girls," she criticizes Val for running a
magazine devoid of a "multi-cultural, multi-ethnic, less *braindead* point
of view."  And in "Daria! The Musical," both Jodie *and* Mack sing
wistfully of the town blowing away, making them the "majority." Although
we've never seen either of them suffer from racial slurs, they surely
*would* have at some point -- especially in a majority white school in a
white, upper-middle class town.

In fact, Lawndale and Lawndale High resemble *my* town/high school in many
ways. And the incident of the racist note reminded me of one where some
minority students came into our newspaper room, shaking with rage, because
we had let an ambiguously racist message slip into print (some guy had
written to his friend: "Get back on the boat as fast as you can").  The
then-editor on staff immediately set to work creating a "sorry" issue,
filled with writers' articles about how we're committed to diversity, etc.
That helped launch a "culture week" at our school, which included a day of
hugging and sobbing and sharing known as "Challenge Day" (which I lightly
mocked in the scenes with O'Neill), and a "culture fair," which was similar
in look and feel to the one I set up in Act Three.  Did it make our school
more tolerant?  I didn't think so, but that's because teachers and
administrators never really followed up on it.  More on that in a bit...

Another reason I wrote this fanfic is because I happen to live in a state
that is the most racially/ethnically diverse in the union, and blessed with
the challenge of finding ways for us all to "get along."  Here (especially
in Berkeley, where I live), topics of race/ethnicity come up almost daily.
Oftentimes there's tension and hostility laced in these topics, like in
this quote by the lovely Peter Knight, politician and founder of the
so-called "defense" of marriage initiative:

"Today there are minority groups all over the country that are screaming
and demanding and we as a people are giving into their demands, one right
after the other.  I don't think we can continue to do that and maintain
these United States." (San Francisco Examiner, Feb. 7, 2000)

So I thought it'd be interesting to detail some of the issues at work.  Not
*all*, since, as I said, I would have required much more space.  I wanted
to see how aschool like Lawndale High would react to some of these issues.


You can guess I'm no fan of guys like Peter Knight, but otherwise, my
feelings about racism are mixed.  Above all, I wanted to show in this
fanfic how *complicated* racial issues can be.  For instance: can whites
really be treated as a monolithic ruling group when some whites have been
oppressed at the hands of others, and those whites were oppressed as well??
Such is the case with Ireland/Northern Ireland -- those of us who've been
following world events know that both sides have put together a *very*
delicate peace arrangement after years of bloodshed and hostility.  In case
you didn't understand Daria's brief speech about her Northern Irish
ancestors, it was in reference to the Scotch Irish who settled in Northern
Ireland because they were Protestant (Presbyterian), but were later
persecuted because they were not Anglican.  This caused a great exodus of
Scotch-Irish to the "Colonies" in the early Eighteenth Century.

What happens when it's not so easy to pinpoint a minority's heritage?
Jodie and Mack, who are in touch with their black roots, still admit that
theirs hasn't been a generic black experience.  Jodie states in the last
scene of Act Two that "Some of the discrimination Mr. O'Neill's been
talking about is stuff *I've* never had to deal with."  And Tiffany, whom
I've made out to be adopted, shows that she knows more about Jewish
tradition than about the culture of her birth.

What about reverse racism?  Could you call Jodie's hasty fingering of Sandi
to be such an example?

Are lawsuits good or bad?  The ending implies that they are bad, yet
without the lawsuit Jodie's parents issued against the school, the dialogue
on racism might never have never have surfaced.

Overall, I tried to be even-handed, get everyone's opinion, without having
this turn into a big mess.  Sorry if things seemed a little too "We are the
world" in Act Three: I had a hell-of-a-time figuring out how I was going to
bring this all to a climax.

But I guess my feelings on the subject are that lawsuits, or the guilt
Helen spoke of in Act Two, may be an effective means of stirring racial
dialogue, but that they aren't effective in the long-term.  I'm more a
believer in the talk-it-out strategy, though who knows if *that's* so
effective either.  But as Daria expressed in Act Two, I get irritated with
discussions that reduce people to their race or ethnicity, and completely
disregard the fact that people could bond via personality.  But feel free
to debate me if you wish. ; >


On a final note, I just wanted to let you know that this is my last
continuum fic before Season Four.  TDWU episode #15 won't arrive until
after the first half of the season is over.  However, before then, I intend
to write a spinoff fanfic about Amy that spoofs "Providence," "Judging
Amy," and "Suddenly Susan."  Hopefully it will be out sometime *during*
Season Four.  Anyhow, with regard to the fifteenth episode of TDWU, here
are a few goodies you can look forward to:

** Learning the origins of Daria's name, and what it was *originally* going
to be.

** Seeing Grandpa Barksdale in the flesh for the first time.

** Finding out what strange fates befell Helen and Jake's hippie friends.

Yes, it's another *flashback* episode!  Just for some background: it was
always in my deck of cards that I would write a flashback ep.  Long ago I
thought, "Cool: I'll write about Helen and Jake's wedding!"  But then I
found out C.E. Forman was already doing that.  I also had thoughts about
writing an ep. of Daria and Quinn's childhood experiences... but found out
John Berry was doing that.  So I chose a "tweener" ep., one in which Daria
isn't there... and yet she is.  Basically this fic will revolve around
Helen and Jake's feelings about their approaching parenthood... and how it
reeks havoc on their hippie values.  Expect the Mistress of Sarcasm to make
her presence felt in some way... ; >

As for other plans for my continuum, you can read about them in my upcoming
essay, "The Off-Canon Approach."


**Points of Interest**

Mack's reference to "The Boondocks": For those who don't know, it's a comic
strip about two black kids and their grandfather living in the white
suburbs.  And it's managed to stir up a lot of controversy.  While some
praise it for tellin' it like it is, others find the stereotypes of whites
and blacks to be demeaning.  I still enjoy it enough to read it on a
regular basis.

Phineas T. Morgendorffer:  He, of course, was mentioned on Helen's web
page.  That he is a made-up ancestor is my attempt to explain what Helen
meant by "If anyone asks... I'm going to have to tell them the truth."

What is "Jewish"?: The Morgendorffers' discussion of whether Judaism is a
race, religion, or ethnicity just served to highlight the confusion many
people have over it.  I, personally, consider it to be a religion, though
certain ethnic groups may have deep Jewish roots.  It bugs me to no end
when people think that Jews are a race apart.

Jake's rant was reminiscent of my *mom's* feelings growing up as a Jew
amongst Gentile families.  Not mine: we tend to celebrate a kaleidoscope of
holidays, including Christmas. ; >  That's why it doesn't seem strange to
me that Jake could celebrate Christmas later in life, especially if Helen
were Protestant.  His rant also made me think of Kyle in that one "South
Park" episode about Mr. Hanky the Christmas Poo. ; >

Quinn's superficial embrace of Judaism was, of course, a tongue-in-cheek
nod to Michelle Klein-Hass's Lawndale, CT Continuum, in which Quinn
actually takes Judaism quite seriously.

Andrea speaks!:  Andrea's speech in Act Two was a nod to "Adams Family
Values," one of my favorite movies.  In particular, it refers to the scene
during the Thanksgiving play, when Wednesday recites the wrongs white
Americans have done to Native Americans over the past few centuries.  From
there, the play quickly erodes into the Play from Hell. ; >

All together, now:  "We lost the race with Farmer Ed./ Eat us 'cause we're
good and *dead*." ; >

History lesson:  *John Hyrcanus* was ruler of Judea under the Hasmonean
dynasty, from 134-104 B.C.  His family's century-long reign represented one
of the few times when ancient Judea *wasn't* ruled by a foreign power (this
would end with the conquest by Rome).  He is generally credited with having
the qualities of the mythical King David, including a desire to push the
boundaries of Judea as far as they could go.

*Judah the Maccabee*, in case you didn't know, helped fight off an attempt
by the then-Greek ruler to destroy the Jewish Temple and build a Greek one
in its place.  Hannukah is derived from his success (and you thought it was
just a doppleganger of Christmas, didn't you? ; >).  Also, many future
"great" rulers would model themselves after Judah, including Charlemagne.

Much of this info, *and* the stuff Stacy was talking about, can be found in
books like *From Text to Tradition* by Lawrence H. Schiffman.  Think I read
it on my free time?  No -- I took a college course on the history of
ancient Judaism, since I knew next to nothing...  (And this is *not* an
attempt to convert anyone... I just wanted to show that these facts aren't
bogus.)

Good literature:  The books Daria and Jane mentioned (*There Eyes Were
Watching God* by Zora Neal Hurston and *All the Pretty Horses* by Cormac
McCarthy) were both ones I read in college; the former (an excellent book)
was almost required reading.  Daria's comment about stereotypes in *All the
Pretty Horses* was, in a nutshell, what I wrote in a paper for my "U.S.
Representations of Mexico" history class.

Now for some points on *characters*...

Jodie and Sandi:  Polar opposites, right?  But opposites can attract... I
don't mean in *that* way!  But expect to see them interact more in a fairly
unhostile manner down the road.  As strange as this might sound, I actually
think they have a lot in common.

I don't think I made it clear in the fanfic, but Sandi quit student council
prior to her encounter with Quinn in the bathroom in Act One.  I reckon she
quit not long after Jodie told her, in "Surreal World,"that she was hated
by her fellow council members.

So has Sandi turned over a new leaf??  Is she back with the Fashion
Club????  I'm not telling. ; >

Mr. Phelps:  He will make a more substantial appearance in fanfic #16.  But
you can tell, by his brief appearance here, that he is not beloved by Ms.
Barch. ; >

And *WOW*: This is probably one of the rare fanfics that gives decent roles
to Mack *and* Andrea!!!


Now it's time once again for **THE MYSTERIES OF**

This week, we'll explore the mystery of... the trailing dots.  *Why* does
it seem as though every other sentence I write... ends with trailing dots?

Because I get paid $100 for each period I insert into a fanfic, so the more
the merrier!!!

In actuality, I don't know.  I think I just don't like to end a sentence
too abruptly.  It makes me seem blunt, rude, harsh, at least IMO.  In
fanfic dialogue, trailing dots usually imply that the character is thinking
out his/or words ever as he/she is speaking.  But then, you probably
already figured that out, didn't you...? ; >

Aaaaaaaaand... I thought I might give the *GAMES* another try, since they
were obviously popular enough that several other fanfic authors adopted
them into *their* postscripts. ; >  However, they'll be a little *easier*
-- much like the *new* "Twenty-One" compared to the old "Twenty One."  And
they won't have a strict time limit (meaning, you won't be forced to find
answers before my next fanfic comes out).  Just answer the questions on
your own time, and your reward will be... um, I'll be your best friend?
Nah, standard rules: I'll lavish praise on you in my postscript.

How many fanfics of mine do *not* contain a heated confrontation between
one or more of the characters??  This heated confrontation could either be
a shouting match (a la Jodie and Sandi in "Surreal World") or a pivitol
conversation in which one character tries to get another character to
confess to something (a la Daria's challenge to Quinn in the bathroom in
"Andrea Speaks!").  Hint: the answer may be *none*. ; >

Okay, so *you* tell *me* if this question is easier...


**Oops!**

Okay, it seems as though a lot of you had trouble understanding the title
of my last fanfic.  Just in case you still don't know, "Erin the Head" only
makes sense *phonetically*.  Say the first word slowly, and it comes out to
"*Air* in the Head," or airhead. ; >

**Acknowledgements**

I *must* give a hearty thanks to Paperpusher, lawyer extraordinnaire, for
beta-reading and helping me with the legal nitty-gritty in this fic.  If
I've screwed things up royally, he's not to blame.  Or is he??  ; >


To those of you who have my stuff showing at your websites: if you don't
have a URL, and I haven't sent you my latest fic(s), just write a polite
e-mail to bug me... : >


If anyone'd like to join my mailing list, e-mail me at
scar@uclink4.berkeley.edu


So the *new* and *improved* Lawndale Commons is up and running, and SEASON
FOUR is in two weeks!!!!!  Oh, and thanks for reading!


This fanfic is the property of Kara Wild, copyright February 2000.  All
rights reserved.

