The following is a fan fic about Trent having a nightmare themed on "The
Crow".  It takes place some time before Alternapalooza.

                                 Realization
                              by Maeve Johnston

    It was a stormy night in Lawndale.  Mystik Spiral had a gig planned, but
that wasn't for another three hours.  Trent, sober for once, had retreated
into the basement after reminding Jane to wake him at 8:00P.M.  It was one of
the few evenings that he actually had time to spare, so he decided to watch
one of his favorite films,"The Crow".  Even though he had seen it at least
twenty times, it never grew stale.  It had everything he could possibly want
in a film: graphic violence, romance, sex, unending curses, and great acting.
He winced as he remembered how Brandon Lee had died during filming. I hope
nothing like that ever happens to me he thought. Trent then leaned back, to
savor the opening sequence.

    After about a half-hour into the film, Trent was becoming drowsy.  Tinting
had just been murdered by an enraged Eric, when he finally conked out.

******************************************************************************

    "Daria,"Trent called as he opened the door to their New York
apartment,"are you there?"  He stepped through, and heard screaming coming
from the bedroom. "Are you alright?"  The moans became more frequent, as he
started to run through the halls.  When he reached the sleeping quarters, he
saw 4 strange people holding Daria down to the floor.  "Leave her alone!"Trent
yelled.  In a rage, he charged at them, when a pistol shot went off.  Before
he knew anything had happened, he was flying through a six-story window.

    "Trent!" Daria screamed.  "No!"

    As one of the intruders leaned over to kiss her, he said,"We'll treat you
real nice, missy."

    About 15 minutes later the police arrived.  Officer Mackenzie was helping
to prepare the victim to be driven to the hospital, but he knew it was too
late for her.  A young girl ran into the crowd, shouting. "This your sister?"
Officer Mackenzie asked her.

    "No,"she replied,"She's my cousin or something."  They had removed the
oxygen mask so she could talk to the girl.

    "Where's Trent?",Daria gasped.

    "He's fine,"Officer Mackenzie lied.

    "Tell him to take care of Quinn,"she said.  Then she was taken away.

    "You lied to her about Trent,"Quinn said,"and you lied to me about Daria.
She's not going to live, is she?"

    "I'm real sorry 'bout her.  There's nothing we could do."

******************************************************************************

    A few months later, the only one who remembered that anything happened was
Quinn.  As she bent down to put roses on the graves, a crow squawked at her.
"Ewe, what are you supposed to be?  I got go guys."

    As soon as she left, it began to pour.  Lightning struck the ground, as
thunder roared the lament of the lost.  The ground began to shake beneath the
grave of one: Trent Lane.  Suddenly, a hand groped around and he was pulling
himself from the ground. Where am I? he thought.  He looked around and saw the
crow staring at him.  Maybe I should follow him.  Trudging through the mud and
mire, he approached his old apartment building.  Climbing the stairs, he felt
an eerie coldness.  Around his door was yellow "crime scene" tape. What
happened here?  Then he saw the window, broken shards of glass upon the floor.
Trent ran up to it, and jumped, stabbing his hands into the glass.  He glanced
down at his palms, there was nothing there.  Not a mark or scratch.  But in
his mind he now knew what had happened that night.  "The bastards!" he
muttered under his breath.  "There's Hell to pay."

    Soon after, the crow led Trent to what was to be the first step of his
redeeming task.  A tall girl was walking away from O'Neill's Pawn Shop, when
he approached her.  "Halloween's not until tomorrow,"she stated.  "And aren't
you a little old for Trick or Treat?"

    Trent just stared at her, eyes cold.  "I have some friends for you
then,"the girl said, as she drew two throwing knives from her coat. She aimed
the first at his chest, but it was deflected off of a wall.  "Try harder, try
again,"Trent said.  She threw the other, but he caught it in his hands.  "Do
you remember a man and a woman in a loft ten months ago?  You came and
murdered them the night before Halloween.  And now you're going to die."

    "Daria Morgendorffer and her crazy musician boyfriend, sure I remember.
God, I hated that girl.  She was the only one with better grades than me."
Trent sliced her throat. That will end this conversation.

    Knock, knock, knock.  Trent pounded on the doors of the shop.  No one
answered, so he barged in.  "Suddenly I heard a tapping, as of someone gently
rapping, rapping at my chamber door.  I guess you heard me rapping?" Trent
asked as O'Neill came to the front desk.

    "I'm sorry. We're closed."

    "I'm looking for a gold engagement ring.  One of your lackeys brought it
in about ten months ago."  O'Neill just stood there.  Trent was becoming
impatient.  "A gold engagement ring, yes?  Where is it?"

    "On the second shelf of the cupboard on the right."  Trent looked around
and found a small hinged box of rings.  He stared closely at each one.  "No,
no, no," suddenly, he sighed.  He had found it.  He remembered the night he
had given it to Daria.  Everything had been perfect then.  Why did it have to
go so horribly wrong?  He paced back to the counter, bringing with him all of
the rings.  He tossed them at O'Neill saying,"Each of these was a life.  A
life that you helped ruin."  Trent loaded them into a gun.  "You can tell your
friends that Death is coming for them.  Trent Lane sends his regards."  He
then turned from the establishment and fired into the building.  It burst into
flames.

    Trent continued his vigilante raid by finding the building Kevin lived in.
When he walked in, Kevin and Brittany were on the bed, making out.  "Get out
man,"Kevin said.

    "You tell him, Kevie."  Trent stood there, silent.  Kevin, using his only
skill, charged at him, giving Trent plenty of time to dodge.  He then aimed a
revolver that he found at Kevin, and shot him.  As Brittany huddled over her
lover, Trent thought of Daria.

    Officer Mackenzie was off duty.  Sitting on his coach, sipping some beer,
he stared at some old photographs of Mystik Spiral.  Thinking of something, he
doodled onto the pictures.  And there in his chair was the spitting image of
one of the musicians.  "Nice art work," he commented, seeing the additions.

    "You're Trent Lane, the singer that was murdered with his fiancée, aren't
you?"

    "Yeah."

    "I'm real sorry 'bout your girlfriend man.  Thirty hours they had her in
the hospital.  I stayed there, hoping she might pull through.  It would have
helped with the case."  He picked up a cigarette, and started smoking.  Trent
reached over, and grabbed it away from him.

    "These things will kill you.  Daria used to appreciate all these little
things.  I used to think they were trivial.  Believe me, nothing is trivial."

    "You going to disappear again?"

    "I thought I'd use your front door," Trent said in a hurt voice.  "I
appreciate what you're trying to do, but it's my fight."  Then he was gone.

    Upchuck and Jeffey were parked outside of a QuickMart.  Upchuck was
ordering Jeffey to get some jerky and beer.  As he sat there waiting for him
to return, Trent was sitting beside him.  "I am your passenger.  Drive,"he
ordered.  They sped down the road with Jeffey chasing after them.  The car
stopped, and Trent got out.  In the trunk, he found some explosives and duct
tape.  Binding Upchuck to his seat, he then strapped on some dynamite and ran
behind some crates.  Pressing the ignition, he ducked as the sound rang in his
ears.

    Jesse was sitting at a table with Jane in his lap.  Throughout the room,
the most vile scum of the streets stood around, waiting for their leader's
orders. Jeffey was at his right hand telling him what had happened to Upchuck.
"Interesting.  Perhaps we ought to show him how tough we can be."  Jesse
whispered something to Jane and she led Jeffey away.  "My friends,"Jesse
announced with much pomp,"tonight we must show them how great Devil's Night
can be.  What greed and anarchy can really do!"  The crowd erupted into
applause.

    Quinn was walking through the streets, when she saw a figure she vaguely
remembered.  "Trent?" she asked.  Whoever it was just stood there.  It was
raining again.  She started to complain about it when the figure replied,"It
can't rain all the time."  She thought that might have been a Mystik Spiral
song, but she wasn't sure since she didn't listen to alternative.  She glanced
behind her, and no one was there.

    Approaching a church, she stopped inside to get away from the storm
outside. Strong hands pulled her in, and held her there.  "Let go of me,"she
cried. Somehow, Trent saw what was happening and rushed to the aid of his
would-be sister-in-law without any delay.  He thundered in, when Jane began
shooting at the crow.  She had read somewhere that it was the source of his
power.  If it died, he died.  She had to choose between her brother or Jesse,
and it was an easy choice.  Her aim was off.  "Hold it right there,"Officer
Mackenzie ordered.  Everyone looked over and stared at him.  "I'll take care
of her,"he said to Trent.  Jesse had taken Quinn to the roof.  "Go help your
friend."

    "Thanks."  His feet pounded on the rickety old stairs as he raced up them.
I can't let anyone else die because of me.  He had reached the roof.  Jesse
was standing at the edge, holding Quinn by the hood of her jacket.  "It's me
you want,"Trent cried,"She has nothing to do with this."  Jesse's grip was
loosening. Quinn slipped and grabbed onto the roof.

    "Everyone always liked you better.  You wrote the songs, I just followed
you like some lost dog.  I was sick of it man, sick of it."

    "Help!"  Trent reached over to help Quinn up, when Jesse punched him in
the back.  He then unsheathed a sword at his waist and lunged at Trent.  Trent
ripped a spire from the roof and parried the thrust.  Trent had an advantage.
He somehow managed to throw Jesse over himself and he plummeted to the next
gable, where he was impaled.  When they reached the basement , Officer
Mackenzie lay on the floor gasping for breath.  Jane was dead.  "Aw, Janey,
why'd you have to do this?  You okay, Mack?"

    "Sure.  Nothing I can't handle. Glad you got your men."

    "Yeah."  Trent reached into his pocket and felt Daria's ring.  He took it
out and handed it to Quinn.  "Never forget what happened,"he said."Take care
of Officer Mackenzie."  He then walked away.

    Reaching the cemetery, he collapsed on the ground.  He heard a voice
calling him, but he wasn't sure if he was imagining things or not. "Trent,"the
voice soothed,"thank you."  Daria bent over and dragged Trent into his grave.
They would have all eternity to be together.

******************************************************************************

    "Daria!" Trent yelled in his sleep.  "Come back to me!"  Jane was
wandering down the stairs to wake her brother when she overheard his rants.
"No!"
