*usual copyright disclaimer: CHANT: Characters are not mine, um-lalalalala***
they are property of MTV - um, lalalalala*** the story they are set in is
however original***um,lalalalala*** and may not be reprinted without my
permission - story itself copyright Diana Rajchel 2000***um,
lalalalala******anyone who uses this piece without my permission will find out
really quick if hexes work**um, lalalalala*****etc.

I tried to keep this true to the series (though I may later take liberties
with the Trent/Daria thing -- I DON'T think that season 3 or 4 killed a
hookup, just bought Daria time to grow up).

Let me know what you think - medea@mnic.net

Title: Sew What?


Act I: Scene I:
[Usual opening sequence, theme song, etc.]

Opening Scene: Morgendorffer living room. Quinn is on the phone, Daria has her
nose in a book, trying to ignore her. She is reading 1984 by George Orwell.

Quinn: You're right Sandy, it is unbelievable. I don't know HOW Tiffany found
a shirt to go with those shoes when you bought the last one. She OBVIOUSLY had
to have ordered it from somewhere --

Daria: Maybe she got them from space aliens in exchange for her brain. Quinn:
Shut UP Daria! God, I can't have a conversation around you... oh, just my
weird cousin that stays here...hahaha, no Sandi, I don't think it's genetic. I
think she was adopted or something.

Daria makes an angry face.

Quinn: Oh hang on, I've got another call. Hello? Oh... [hands the phone to
Daria] It's that Jane girl. Hurry up, I still have Sandi on the other line and
we are having a fashion authenticity-crisis.

Daria: Yes, you know how genuine people in the fashion industry have to be...
[Quinn rolls her eyes]. Hello?

[split screen]

Jane: So the lovely lady is in, rather than out with young Thomas?

Daria: He had some club thing with his parents. I'm home, listening to the
Fashion Fascist version of Scooby-Doo and the case of the matching shirts.

Jane: Sounds fascinating in a brain-dead sort of way. Since your attentions
are undivided, how about you go with me to pick up supplies for an art
project?

Daria: We don't have to go to that warehouse again, do we?

Jane: Not at all!

Quinn: Yes, I DO think this calls for an emergency meeting! We have to
maintain our integrity!

Daria: I'll be there in half an hour.

[Scene 2: Jane and Daria are in Jonah's Fabric Shop, and the logo out front
says : a whale of fabric and sewing choices. There are women, mostly middle
aged to elderly looking at fabrics and asking about patterns].

Jane: I wonder what the fashion slaves would think?

Daria: They wouldn't. Why are we here again?

Jane: Textiles. I want to make a canvas with a tribute to paisley. Those look
good. [points to paisely fabric bolts].

[Daria steps back to let Jane by, and bumps into someone. She turns around,
and sees Tiffany, a hand full of patterns, aghast at being seen].

Daria: Oh! Excuse me!

Tiffany clutches some patterns to her chest and runs away.

Jane: What was with her?

Daria: Looks to me like a major fashion-code violation. Sewing the latest
fashions - shockingly innovative.

Jane: Oh well, I guess the fashion fascists will never know she can actually
think for herself.

Daria: Even while using the ability to maintain the illusion she's letting
them think for her.

Jane: I'm done hunting textiles. Want to go get a slice?

Daria: Sure.

[Scene 3: Jane and Daria are at pizza place. They see Tiffany with all the
fashion fiends, including Quinn. Sandi is trying, and failing, to hit on Tom.
Tom sees Jane and Daria and yells to them].

Tom: [in a help me! voice] Daria

Daria and Jane walk over to the booth.

Daria: I thought you were at your parents' club for the weekend.

Tom: I was, but then the caviar went bad and a bunch of people got sick so we
all had to leave. I tried to call you, and your dad said you might be here.

Sandi:[inserting herself between them] Gee, Quinn's cousin or something, I was
trying to have a conversation here...

Tom: And I was trying to end it. [Takes Daria's hand, pulls her into booth
next to him]. This is my girlfriend.

Sandi: What!? Um... Geez, Tom, you could just tell me you're not interested
instead of insulting me like that!

Tom: You are the insult.

Sandi walks away in a huff.

Daria blushes.

Jane: Wow. Looks like she's so traumatized she might need new shoes.

Daria: It's the closest she'll get to ever having a soul.

Tom: Soul, shoe. I get it.

Jane: She'll catch someone wearing knee socks at the wrong length and get over
it.

[fashion club is staring, shocked, except Quinn, who is smiling. She quickly
covers her mouth when she notices Sandi looking at her].

[Scene Pans. Sandi is in her room, fuming over what Tom said to her. The girls
are all primping or flipping through magazines].

Sandi: I can't believe him. If he wanted to say no, he could have just said
no, instead of insulting me and saying he was going with that weird girl that
stays with Quinn.

Quinn: [high pitched laugh] Uh, Sandi, he IS dating Daria.

Sandi: What!? And you didn't tell us about this?

Quinn: Well, no, it's just some weird thing that my, um, cousin does. I don't
know why he's with her.

Sandi: That is just an injustice!

Tiffany: Yeah, it's totally wrong. He belongs with someone, like, attractive.

Sandi: I vote we do something about it! And Quinn, since she is your like,
cousin or something, you are responsible for seeing it through.

Quinn: [laughs nervously] uh, but Sandi, isn't messing with someone's
relationship like, bad karma or something?

Sandi: Obviously all that tutoring last summer warped your brain. May I remind
you that fashion club philosophy requires us to assert ourselves as those who
decide what is and isn't permissible in fashion at Lawndale. And boyfriends
are a fashion statement!

Stacey: Ohmigod, Jimmy might not be good enough!

Sandi: NeverMIND that Stacey, this situation with Daria is FAR more serious.

Stacey: Eep! I'm sorry.

Scene closes focusing on Quinn, laughing nervously.



Act II: Scene 1:

Daria is sitting at the kitchen table with Jake, ignoring each other over
their respective papers. Quinn enters.

Quinn: Daria, could you like, do me a favor and not be seen in public with Tom
for awhile?

Daria:[sets down paper, obviously angry] Excuse me? Now your fashion drones
are demanding I not be seen with my boyfriend? It's bad enough you won't admit
I'm your sister!

Jake: Quinn says you're not her sister?

Daria: No, Dad, she keeps insisting I'm her mother and that she was hatched.

Jake: Oh, ha ha, funny.

[Daria and Quinn both give their father a look. Daria gets up from the table.]

Daria: I will go out with and be seen with who I want. If it's an
inconvenience for you Quinn, too bad! [Daria exits, heads up the stairs to her
room, and slams the door]

Quinn: Da-ad, go talk to her! Her going out with Tom in PUBLIC is going to
ruin things for me in the fashion club!

Jake: Now Quinn, your sister has every right to go where she wants on dates.
Not like poor Jakey, he had to be wherever he was told. [begins rant]

Quinn rolls her eyes and walks away.

[Quinn follows Daria up the stairs to her bedroom].

Daria: Get away from me! I don't want to talk to you!

Quinn: Daria, wait - I think I know how to make this situation do some good
for both of us.

[Scene Fades]


Scene 2:

[Jane's bedroom. Daria is sitting on the bed, Jane is gluing something to her
canvas, with the infamous glue gun].

Daria: so the fashion drones are now threatening Quinn's status if I don't
stop seeing Tom.

Jane: Leave it to them to pick up on Social Darwinism without understanding a
word of it.

Daria: I'm getting so sick of this. Things are finally not weird with you, I
have a guy in my life who is tolerable, and now my sister wants me to give it
up because it's a risk to her popularity.

Jane: You don't have to listen to her.

Daria: I'm not! I just don't understand why I can't just be happy for once.

Trent enters, looking groggy [as if he looks anything else].

Trent: Hey Daria, Hey Jane.

Daria and Jane: Hey

Jane: What brings you to this end of the house, oh brother of mine?

Trent: I thought I heard somebody, so I checked. I haven't seen you in awhile,
Daria. You're not with Tom?

Daria: Taking a break from muffyland and evading a new fashion invasion.

Trent: [laughs/coughs]...hey, do you guys want some pizza?

Jane: I thought you had practice?

Trent: Not tonight. I don't think.

Jane: Then sure, we can go for pizza. We were actually about to head that way
anyway, we just need to make a quick stop first.

Trent: I can give you guys a ride - where to?

Jane: Jonah's Fabrics. Daria, could you grab my camera?

[Daria and Jane are sitting across from Trent at the Pizza King. Sandi marches
up to her table.]

Sandi: Um, Quinn's cousin or something?

Daria: Yes?

Sandi: It is my duty to inform you that you have violated the social code and
dated someone who is not a fashion match. We can't allow this. Since we can't
punish YOU as YOU are as unFASHionable beyond all hope, we are forced to
dismiss Quinn. I hope you feel guilty for this travesty, and will in the
future consider dating someone more in your league.

Jane: We're sorry. I forgot to tell her about getting the permit.

Daria: Sandi, you might want to rethink throwing Quinn out of the fashion
club. After all, you may need new leadership soon.

Sandi: And how would YOU have the authority to say that?

Daria pulls some pictures out of her jacket pocket.

Daria: I have here some pictures of two prominent members of the esteemed
Fashion Club shopping at a sewing store - hm, we see Tiffani, and gee, that
looks like you.

Sandi: [gasps, then recovers] Those could be faked, and anyway, it's not like
I would ever SEW my clothes.

[Jane holds up videotape]

Jane: That's why I bought the security tapes that rolled during the weekly
sewing lessons over at Jonah's. Looks like you and Tiffani are actually
developing some talent -- at least, Tiffani is anyway. And look here, there's
the sign up sheet and anonymous sources confirm that that's your writing.

Sandi: [takes a step back] Don't you DARE show anyone!

Daria: then here's the deal. Leave me alone. Leave Tom alone. And don't drag
Quinn in on this just because she's related to me and you can't find a boy to
tolerate you.

Sandi: FINE! [stomps off]

[Daria sees Quinn, hiding in the corner of her booth with her date of the
moment. She winks at her.]

Trent: Go Daria!

[Camera focuses on Daria's Mona Lisa smile, lalalalala credits].
