Daria in "Survivor"

Author: Steph
E-mail: JadedxSeraphim@aol.com
Disclaimer: These characters do not belong to me, but to MTV.  This work is
fictitious and purely of my lousy excuse for an imagination.
Summary: For a school news segment, six randomly chosen students of Lawndale
High have to participate in a "Survivor"-like game.  Daria finds herself being
one of those randomly chosen and is marooned in the gym for three days with
five other survivors.  Who will emerge the victor?  Read on.

[Opening Theme Song]

SCENE I- Lawndale High - Mr. O'Neill's Classroom

MR. O'NEILL: Now, after reading the first chapter of "Mayor of Casterbridge",
what is your take on the struggling protaganist, Michael Henchard?

DARIA [to Jane]: Poor drunk bastard.

JANE [ironically]: Your compassion overwhelms me.

MR. O'NEILL: We all know that he auctioned off his family at a fair.  A kind
sailor bought his wife and his baby daughter, Elizabeth-Jane.

DARIA: Auctioning off my family doesn't sound like a bad idea.  You think the
black market will take them?

JANE: Depends, you should probably throw some drugs into the deal, too.

[The loudspeakers crackle, and MS. LI's voice booms out of them]

MS. LI: Attention, students!  As principal of Lawndale High, I have the great
pleasure of informing you all of a new project submitted by the school news
team!

DARIA: Uh-oh.  This doesn't sound very promising.

MS. LI: As an entertainment segment of the school morning news, the team has
proposed to do a spinoff of that fantastically successful CBS show "Survivor".

JANE: Now I can fulfill my dream of eating maggotts and dead rats.

MS. LI:  Since our *lousy* school funds--er...I mean...our school funds cannot
provide enough money to actually send students out of the country to a *real*
island, the school gym will be our equivalent!

DARIA [monotone]: I can make a wooden hut out of the bleachers.

MS. LI: Six students will be marooned in the gym for three days.  We have
hidden food supplies and other items around the gym!  It will be like one big
scavenger hunt!  Whoever is most tolerant of the conditions and the last one
to 'survive' will win a yet-to-be-revealed prize!

[The class collectively oohs and ahhs over the idea.]

MS. LI [continued]: Of course, we will be filming all of this with this cheap,
no good--er, I mean...*fabulous* camera the school has provided us with.  The
six students that should report to gym after school are as follows! Sandi
Griffin, Michael Mackenzie, Stacy Rowe, Kevin Thompson, Quinn Morgendorffer,
and Daria Morgendorffer. Thank you, and don't run in the hallways.  It will
scuff the new and *expensive* linoleum floors.

[The loudspeakers crackle again, then turn off]

DARIA: Did she just say my name?  Tell me she didn't just say my name.

MR. O'NEILL [chiming in]: Daria!  You got chosen!  How exciting!  I'm sure it
will prove to be a wonderful, fun-filled and healthy experience!

DARIA [flatly]: I think you've gotten this "Survivor" experience mixed up with
space camp.

JANE: Don't get too excited now, Gilligan!

DARIA: Toss me a life preserver, Skipper.

JANE: Don't have one.  Maybe I can ask the Professor to make you one out of
bamboo and twigs.

DARIA [sighs]: Oh shut up.



SCENE 2- Lawndale High - Cafeteria

[Daria and Jane are sitting at a table eating lunch.]

JANE: Come on, it won't be that bad!  You can be the greedy, food-snatching
bitch.

DARIA: Yeah.  Like I would eat food that's been hidden in the gym beneath
sheets of dustbunnies and an overabundance of lint.

[KEVIN and BRITTANY saunter up to them]

KEVIN: Hey Daria, hey Jane! Daria, guess what?  I'm going on the island, too!

DARIA [muttering]: Great.

BRITTANY: I'm going to miss you soooo much, Kevie!

JANE: Oh, he'll only be gone for three days...that is, if he's not eaten by
the sharks first.

BRITTANY [aghast]: SHARKS!?

JANE: Or the local cannibals.  Either one.

KEVIN: I wonder if there are wild tigers on this island!

DARIA [sarcastic]: I haven't heard of tame tigers yet.

KEVIN: I wonder if there really *are* sharks in the water!

DARIA: We're not *going* to an *actual* island, Kevin.  We're using the gym.

KEVIN [genuinely disappointed]: Awwww, man!

[DARIA and JANE exchange glances--JANE's is that of amusement, and DARIA looks
incredibly bewildered.]



SCENE 3- Lawndale High - Inside the Gym

[DARIA and JANE are standing near the exit.  It's the end of the school day.]

DARIA: Well, it's time to kiss civilization good-bye.

JANE: For three whole days!

DARIA: I wish I could walk home with you or get pizza or something.  But I'm
indebted with this...duty.

JANE: Come on, Daria!  Go for the grand prize!  You can't let the others win.
Do it for all of those bitter cynics out there!

DARIA: Why couldn't we do a spinoff of "Last of the Mohicans" instead?

JANE: I guess the school couldn't afford gunpowder and rifles...or maybe they
didn't have the funds to hire some authentic Native Americans.

[MS. LI is gathering the 'survivors' up in the middle of the gym.]

DARIA [sighs, hesitant]: Well I better go.

JANE: Good luck, Gilligan Morgendorffer!

[DARIA approaches the group.]

SANDI [from her POV]: Ew, Quinn, isn't that your cousin or whatever?

QUINN [trying to hide her astonishment and dismay]: Oh, no...

MS. LI: Ah, Miss Morgendorffer.  Thank you for gracing us with your presence.

DARIA: Sorry, I was saying good-bye to all of my loved ones, seeing as to how
the sharks may get to me first.

[She glances at KEVIN to see his reaction.]

KEVIN: [begins sobbing hysterically]  I can't do this!

[He runs out of the gym.  MS. LI watches him, bewildered.]

MS. LI: Oh, uh, well there are five survivors now, I suppose.

DARIA [murmuring]: One down...four to go.

MS. LI: Now, let's see, foul play is permitted, seeing as to how this is a
dog-eats-dog game.

QUINN: Ew!  No one said anything about eating *dogs*!

MACK: Hey, Daria.

DARIA: Hey.  Thank God.  A sane person.

MACK [chuckles]: Yeah, I know what you mean.

[He looks just as bored as she does.  Just then, DARIA notices a SCHOOL NEWS
TEAM CAMERAMAN nearby, filming away.]

DARIA: Pssst.  Hey you.  Yeah, you.  Zoom up on her tiny little pores.

[She motions towards Quinn, who is huddled in a circle with fashion drones
SANDI and STACY.]

CAMERAMAN: Sorry.  I signed a contract.  I am not allowed to interact with the
castaways.

DARIA: I'm not a castaway.  I'm an outCAST, but not a CASTaway...

MS. LI: Attention, people!  We'll be locking the doors to the gym momentarily!
At the end of the hour, we'll vote one person off!

QUINN [relieved]: Oh good.  It's not healthy for me to be trapped in this gym
with so many fashion violations.

SANDI: Excuse me?  Are you calling me a *fashion violation*?

QUINN: Ohhh, of *course not*, Sandi!  I would *never* call you a fashion
violation!  Your fashion sense is one of your cutest qualities!

SANDI [smug]: Hmmph.

STACY: Ew, they're not even letting us change our clothes!  I don't want to
get moth balls on my new shirt!

SANDI [annoyed]: Stacy, are you *done* with your selfish outburst?  You could
be concerned about *our* clothes, too, you know.

STACY [meek]: Sorry, Sandi!

QUINN: Eeew, it smells like sweatsocks in here!

SANDI: Quinn, ew.  That's disgusting.  I can't handle this.  I'm going to
Cashman's.

STACY: Me, too!

QUINN: Wait!  Wait for me!

[They all run out of the gym.]

DARIA [watching them leave]: Damn.  I didn't even get a chance to vote her off
the 'island' and say bad things about her betraying me like a no good bitch.

MS. LI: Well, uh, we're uh down to two survivors.

MACK: Screw this.  I'm out of here.  See ya, Daria.

[He leaves.  Daria is the only 'survivor' left]

DARIA: Umm...

MS. LI: This was a disaster!  I knew if the school gave us funds to actually
ship the students off to an island, it would have worked much better!  Damn
cheap school!

[She notices the CAMERAMAN still filming.]

MS. LI [nervous]: Excuse me, young man, um, turn that off, please.  You didn't
get any of that, did you?



SCENE 4- Morgendorffer Home - Daria's Room

[DARIA is sitting on her bed, talking to JANE on the phone.]

JANE [over the phone]: So lemme get this straight...all of the survivors left
before the game could actually *begin*? Well, that sucks.

DARIA: The whole situation was out of my hands.  Before I knew it, I was the
winner.

JANE [joking]: Ah, I knew you'd pull through.  So what was the grand prize?

DARIA: A coupon for one free meal at the Pizza Forest.

JANE: And that's considered a 'grand prize'?

DARIA: According to Ms. Li's standards, yes.

JANE: So she was going to stick y'all in a gym for three days with dusty food,
vote people off one by one, and then hand out a coupon to the Pizza Forest to
the remaining survivor?

DARIA: Pretty much.

JANE: I think enduring excruciating hours at a school guided by such a
principal as Ms. Li makes me a hell of a survivor, Gilligan Morgendorffer.

DARIA: Then we're on the same boat, Skipper Lane.

THE END

[Roll credits...That ridiculously tense "Survivor" music plays as the end
theme.]
