Troubles

Author: Adam Johnson

Description: The dance is here. everyone is breaking up, and Jane has 
something planned for her "friend" Daria.


    "What do you mean? I thought you were going to take me the dance, and now 
you just bail out on me? How could you?" Brittany was mad all thanks to Kevin.
    "What are you talking about babe? The one\ly reason I can't take you is 
because Sandy asked me first." 
    "You chose that slob over me? How could you? I am through with you, 
Kevin!" Brittany left.
    A couple lockers down, the same kind of argument was going on with Tom 
and Jane. "Tom, listen, you cannot actually say you want Daria to go to the 
dance with you? Can you?"
    "You see Jane, Daria doesn't have a date and..."
    "Like I do. You know what Tom, go with Daria, actually let Daria be your 
girlfriend. Let Daria be with you forever! See if I care!"
    "Jane, you don't really mean that do you?"
    "Of course I don't I just want you to be happy."
    "Oh thanks. Bye"
    "Bye." Jane was obviously mad.  But she wasn't done yet. You'll see Jane 
hasn't had her fun yet. Jane had decided that if Tom won't go with her then 
nobody will.  She decided that she would call Daria and tell her that Trent 
wants to go to the dance with her. Then she will call all the girls of 
Londale and tell them that some guy has asked them out to the dance! That 
will make Jane be the only one left. 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
    Daria was sitting on her couch watching her favorite show, Sick Sad 
World,  when she resived a phone call. It was Jane. After she heard that 
Trent had asked her out, she started flipping out with joy. But, when Tom 
came to her door, she had to break the sad news to him. Daria thought 
something was up. "Oh well," she said to herself, "At least the guy of dreams 
if going to the dance with me!"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
    It was one week before the dance. Daria was walking to her locker when 
she ran into Trent. Trent was with his date. "Who is this?" Daria asked.
    "This is my date for the dance, Brittany."
    "I thought you were taking me."
    "No, what gave you that idea?"
    "Jane said you wanted to go with me."
    "Oh? Well, I'll have a talk with her." 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
    It was now 3 days until the dance. Trent was sitting on his couch and was 
watching Sick Sad World when Jane walked in. "What is this about Daria 
thinking I am taking her to the dance?"
    "What?" 
    "Yeah, she said that you told her that."
    "I as well tell you. You see Tom and I well, decided that I shouldn't go 
with him to the dance. So I called Daria and said that you asked her out. 
Then I called everyone else, and told them they had a date, like a 
matchmaker. I'm sorry, how can I repay you?"
    "Well...you could help me set up the lights for our song that we are 
gonna sing. Would you help us? If so, then I will call everyone back and tell 
them you were kidding, okay?"
    "Ok"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
    It was the night of the dance, everyone was there. Britany was with 
Kevin. Jane with Tom. The Fashion Club with...The Fashion Club. And, Daria 
with Trent. Everyone was happy. That was the end of Londale High School's 
dance.
