
                                 Welcome Home


The Learjet landed at the private airstrip late that afternoon, three hours
after saying their good byes to family and friends.  The three couples were
tired from the long trip and were looking forward to their respsctive
honeymoons in familiar surroundings.  The trip had been unevetful, clear skies
all the way.

Buckshot undid the cabin door and escorted his passengers to the waiting Chevy
Suburban.  It was then that Daria noticed that Brownie, who had accompanied
them on this trip, ignored the vehicle and went her own way. Turning to look
at her husband Cody, they both knew that Grandpa Lou was right to send her
along with the newlyweds.  The trip out here in the truck would not be good
for the now ageing friend she had met that Easter week 10 years ago.

Determandly, Brownie walked straight past the house, pausing only a moment to
catch the familiar scent of her early home. She pressed on past the barn and
stockade walking the trail to the top of the hill with the lone Maple tree.
All the while, Daria and Cody followed her, not saying a word, but each was
thinking the same thing. Each repressed their emotions and silently followed
as the dog neared the end of her journey.

Upon reaching the tree, Brownie stood and looked off into the distance through
eyes cloudy with age.  Slowly, she layed down on familiar ground.  Daria sat
next to her and began to stroke Brownies gray flecked fur.  Cody sat on the
other side of their furry companion and watched as his bride did her best to
hold back the tears.  He knew this day would come and he thought he was
prepared.  He felt something wet run down his cheek and made no effort to wipe
it away.  As the husband and wife looked at each other, Brownie put her head
in Darias lap, Gave a contented sigh, and closed her eyes.

Daria's tears flowed freely now.

"Welcome home."
